"Mr. and Mrs. Eldridge, I’ve called you here today to talk about your daughter."  Eli held a serious gaze at the couple sitting across from him.  When dealing with parents he preferred a blunt approach, rather than a tactful one.  It had saved him many headaches over the years.

"Did she do something wrong?"  Mira Eldridge’s eyes widened slightly behind her black-rimmed glasses, and confusion seeped into her stern voice.  She exchanged a glance with her husband, Dalton, a burly man with a long, expertly-trimmed beard and beady eyes.  From a casual glance, it was impossible to tell that both of these people held doctorates, in English and Physics, respectively, but it was unsurprising to find such extensive education in the parents of students at such a prestigious honors school like Erran Valley.

"No, she has not done anything wrong," Eli said calmly.  "I just wanted to make note of some of the things that have been happening with her in the classroom."  He grimaced at the nervousness on their faces, wondering if they knew why he had asked them to come speak with him today.  He folded his hands on his desk.   "To start with, let me just ask: does Ada have any extracurricular activities?"

The question gave Mira pause, and she answered slowly.  "Not particular ones, no.  She focuses on her schoolwork and she reads quite prolifically.  I believe she has gotten through most of the classics in your library by now."  Her voice held a hint of pride in that, but it quickly turned to a frown.  "She also spends quite a bit of time on her phone and computer.  She's obsessed with that game of hers," she gave Dalton a withering look, who shrugged innocently in response.  "Other than that, I’m not sure."

"You don’t push her towards anything?"

"Of course not," said Dalton Eldridge.  His arms were crossed, thick flannel sleeves folded back, displaying burly muscles on his forearms.  His physique and his deep, rumbling voice gave the impression that he worked as a lumberjack, rather than as a scientist.   "When the time comes, she will find something that interests her."

"I see," said Eli.  He had been afraid of that.  "Well, I’ve noticed that young Ada seems to have somewhat of a superiority complex.   She looks down on most of her peers.   She enjoys knowing things that they do not.  I'm sure you've noticed the way she chooses to talk; it gets over-bearing quickly, even for me.  This is a relatively normal thing at her age, but in Ada's case, she takes it to the extreme.  She finds even casual conversation beneath her.  She actually does not give anyone the time of day unless they prove to her that they have something worthwhile for her to learn."

"I’d certainly believe it," Mira said dryly, adjusting the sleeves of her cardigan and shaking her head.  "That’s the way she addresses me."

A crease formed in Eli's brow.  "I have not seen Ada actually talk to any of the other students for more than a few seconds."  He paused, looking the pair of them in the eye.  "Nobody in this school has satisfied her criteria for even being considered a 'useful' to her, let alone a friend."

"Just give her some time,"  Dalton said.  "Adalais is a very stubborn girl.  She does not acclimate easily."

"If I may ask," said Mira, narrowing her eyes, "do you think this is becoming a problem?"

Eli nodded.  "Yes.  It already is a problem.  One cannot go on like that.  I believe she gets very lonely at times, and her pride does not allow her to seek out other people."

"Adalais isn’t stupid," said Dalton.  "If she truly feels lonely, I fully trust her to at least find somebody she can confide in."

Eli reached for a pencil on his desk and began to fiddle with it; a habit of his that materialized when he was trying particularly hard to exercise patience.  "You are correct, Mr. Eldridge, Ada is intelligent.  Her grades are indeed excellent, and her entrance exam scores were, as you already know, top of the class.  She is very smart.  And regarding her personality, I would normally agree that any student of her calibre could easily see herself as above others."  He paused a moment and gathered his thoughts, looking between each parent one at a time.  This was the part that they truly would not like to hear; but very much needed to.  "Let me ask you one thing, Mira, Dalton.  Have you ever noticed Ada… talking to herself?"

The parents exchanged another look, long and hesitant.  Eli frowned and leaned backwards in his chair, raising a hand to his chin.  Eli's eyebrows rose.  It was not the reaction he had expected.

"We know of that," Dalton said, his slow words coming out in a deep rumble.  "Adalais has had some... problems.  When she was younger she had an accident."  For the tiniest millisecond, he glanced at Mira.  She did not react, intent on the nameplate upon Eli's desk, a troubled look on her face.  "She spent a while in the hospital.  We have been dealing with the ramifications since." 

"An accident?" Eli said.  "May I ask what happened?"

"It is not important," Dalton said dismissively.  He ran a hand through his beard and hair in one swooping motion.  "As you have said, Ada is a perfectly capable person.  She deserves to be in a school like this.  But sometimes she can seem odd.  It is okay.  We understand."

Mira broke from her stupor and turned towards Eli.  She attempted a smile, but that troubled look never left her eyes.  "We help as much as we can; for now at least."

"I see,"  Eli said, rubbing the stubble on his chin.  Suddenly Dalton and Mira’s unmitigated trust in their daughter made some sense.  Perhaps after this accident that had occurred to their daughter, whatever had happened, these parents had been advised - by a therapist or psychologist - to simply leave Ada alone for the time being.  But such advice Eli did not agree with.  Not at all.  It would only make the situation worse.  

Delicately Eli took the pencil in his hands placed it on the desk, taking time to align it with the tempered glass on the inset of the tabletop.  Then he spoke.  "I have spent a lot of time around kids and I may know a thing or two about how they think about certain things.  I do know that Ada has a problem, and however serious it may be at the moment, getting rid of it may require some kind of catalyst.  If at all possible, you should try to get Ada to let somebody in: perhaps she could meet somebody who she sees as intellectually equivalent to her, perhaps somebody who can show her a new perspective.  It has to be somebody who she could deem worthy of her friendship.  Then maybe, after she no longer feels so lonely, she won't need to invent a personality to keep her company."

Dalton did not hesitate in his response.  "We appreciate the concern," he began, his voice having gained a hard edge, "but let us handle her in this regard.  We are, after all, her parents."  For a brief moment Mira faltered; her eyes went from Dalton to Eli and back.  Then she nodded in support of the sentiment.

"Please, Mr. Giovati.  We can handle this."

Eli closed his eyes.

"Very well," he said, reluctantly.  "I will not bring this up again…" he leaned forward with a hard gaze, "But that might change if she begins to negatively impact other students."
