Perhaps it was a good thing that Conscience had come with Ada tonight. Twice they had barely evaded notice from patrolling security guards that Conscience had pointed out in the nick of time.  Three times, Conscience had pulled Ada into shadows a moment before a spotlight fully illuminated her.  And very nearly, a randomly-passing pedestrian had almost called out to them.   If not for Conscience's quick wave and reassuring smile, that would most assuredly have spelled utter disaster.  Quite honestly, this whole adventure would have been nothing short of debacle had Conscience not been around.

However, at the moment, Conscience was proving to be a real pain.

Ada had already hopped the fence into the Grand Polle Center’s prohibited grounds without anyone on the sidewalk noticing her and dashed into the cover of a bush,, but Conscience, standing with hands clenched on the other side, had her arms crossed in a very exaggerated pout.

"Are you sure we should be doing this?" she asked from the other side of the fence.  Her eyes darted left and right, then fixed on Ada with an imperious stare.  "Once over this fence there's no way we can go back."

"Never mind that!" Ada said gesturing urgently. "Just hurry up and get over here!"  The fool was standing in plain sight!  Any moment a security guard could casually glance their way and come to investigate why two girls were sneaking around the grounds to a stadium, dressed in black skin suits with their faces mostly covered.  For all her quick wits and nearly infallible judgement, Conscience could pick the most irritating times to be obstinate.

However, this time she took the hint.  Lips thinning, she leaped onto the fence and scrambled over the top, falling harshly onto the dirt.  Ada quickly grabbed her arm and dragged her into the cover of the bush.  She chanced a glance down the walkway on the other side of the fence, towards the nearest security guard.  He leaned casually against the wall of the stadium in the same pose he had assumed a minute ago.  Good.  He had not noticed anything.

"You don't have to be so rough..." Conscience said, rubbing her side and looking woefully up at Ada from the ground.

Ada's mouth twitched into a faint smile.  "Maybe look where you are landing next time.  That was a rather… ungraceful fall."

She gave Ada a very unamused and level look, but otherwise said nothing.  Standing and dusting off her legs, she crooked her neck up at the stadium wall beside them, part of a tower that extended five stories into the night sky.  "You intend to climb up there?"

This site was filled with people, a crowd growing as more and more poured in from the vast parking lot beside the stadium.  Multi-colored strobe lights shone brightly all about the sky, obscuring the stars above.  Colorful banners tumbled down five stories of concrete, emblazoned with decorative logos and eye-catching patterns.  Tonight this stadium played host to an event that Adalais Eldridge simply could not miss: a GDL match between Tyzon’s Team Victory and the prolific gaming organization Umbra Static Gaming.  Rarely did a GDL match occur in a stadium such as this; an occasion of this vastness would not come around for years.

GDL stood for Gordon Distinguished League.  In essence it was an Esport – a video game that people played against each other competitively.  The name - or rather 'acronym' - came from billionaire philanthropist and start-up idea man Arguente Gordon, now famous for his machinations in the virtual world.  He designed the game himself, intended as a competitive sport from its very inception.  It had risen to a very rapid success.  Ten years ago, nobody knew of this man, but today, the story was much different.  The popularity of GDL was immense all around the globe, and Arguente Gordon was an individual that was the subject of common talk among anybody interested in anything that touched the internet or computers.  Even more traditional sports had been forced to admit that GDL, with its sizable following and surprising fitness requirement, should be respected as an athletic endeavor.  The stadium at the base of which Ada stood, filled to the brim with people, was a testament to the sheer following of the game that Arguente Gordon created.

GDL was a virtual reality game, realistic enough to be played in competition; the first of its kind.  To play GDL, one strapped themselves into a "Capsule" which was the alias for the cylindrical cockpit which provided the simulation experience.  This device, a few feet wide and almost a story tall, was then suspended in the air by a crane via several systems of cables, pulleys, and attachments.  When initialized, the player in the Capsule would see the virtual world of GDL, and was able to walk around as if they truly existed there.  On the outside, the crane simulated physical movement by rotating and bouncing.  It was a technology in its infancy, but for several years now had been used successfully to play GDL.  However, such awe-inspiring technology did not come without its drawbacks.  The Capsules themselves were prohibitively expensive.  So much so that they were not usually owned by individual people unless they were very affluent.  To combat this, the company backing GDL – which went by the moniker "Gordon Games" – created several LAN centers all over the world where anybody could come and try it out – for a price of course.  Arguente Gordon, as CEO of Gordon Games, had said in an interview with the press that he wanted GDL setups to be "as common as baseball fields are in the United States."  Although he had not yet achieved such a feat, he had certainly tried, and was well on his way to doing so.

The popularity of this sport was immense.  GDL had a professional circuit that featured the best teams from around the globe – From the United States, to Korea and everywhere in between.  They all played to attend an international stage tournament where good teams could attract global sponsors.  Typically, winning teams earned more money, and also accrued fame from their followings, similar to, though perhaps not in quite as much magnitude, the fame that accompanied the Olympics every four years.  Sponsors clambored to invest in this suddenly-booming industry, exploding the flow into not only Arguente Gordon's pockets, but also of those professional players who performed well for their teams.  And tonight was a match between two North American teams looking to attend this stage, whether for the glory, or the money or both.

And here Ada stood, intending to spectate this match live.  She was simply obsessed with the sport, and had been ever since discovering it, and although Ada had seen video after video of fairly-descriptive gameplay, never had she seen the real thing.  This dream was firmly ingrained in her heart; she was ready to climb past any obstacle that might stop her.

Fixing her gaze at a shady portion of the wall, between two rows of lights that shone brightly toward the dome at the top, Ada identified the spot she intended to climb up to.  The concrete had a pattern on it that provided nearly perfect footholds to climb for a girl of her relatively small stature.  Once again she glanced around, and seeing that nobody was looking, firmly affixed her hands to the wall, beginning the first few steps of her climb.

The concrete felt rough beneath her hands, and more than a little damp.  She concentrated on one step at a time, one grasp at a time, pulling herself up smoothly and steadily, never pausing to look down.  Even still, butterflies flitted about her stomach.  On the wall, rising ever higher, the safety of the ground quickly began to fade..  If she fell from such a height.  Such thoughts were better left unspoken.  She anchored her hand on a nearby outcropping and steadied herself with a foot on another.  Thus far, the climb was proceeding flawlessly.  Good.

A few feet below Ada, Conscience followed up the wall, struggling to keep up with Ada's pace.  She huffed and puffed, sweat covering her brow, shuddering as her eyes bounced off the ground and back to the wall.

Inevitably Conscience's discomfort manifested as some half-muttered, half-spat comments.  "I just don't see what the point of all this is.  I mean, can't you watch this sort of thing online for free nowadays?"

Normally Ada did not deign to respond to Conscience's grumpy mutterings, but she paused a moment to wipe sweat from her eyebrows and catch her breath.  "It is not the same.  I need to see this for myself."

"Whatever. You. Say." Conscience said, somehow managing to sound indignant between stiff huffs of air.  Perhaps it was a talent of hers.

A minute later Ada stretched out and grasped a metal platform jutting out from the wall, almost completely obscured by a synthetic advertisement banner in front of it.  She scrambled onto this platform and helped pull Conscience up.  They both leaned back against the solid concrete wall to regain their breath.  It was dark, but Ada dared not flick on the headlamp on her forehead, for fear of somebody on the ground spotting it.  She flexed her fatigued fingers.  She would have to be careful on the climb down, lest she fall due to negligence.  She had never done this particular climb before - well, honestly she had never really climbed anything with this much earnestness - and it had proved to be more difficult than she had anticipated.  She glanced at Conscience, who had leaned her head back against the concrete wall, eyes closed, little pools of sweat aggregating on the column adjacent to which they sat.  Conscience had not practiced for this at all, and Ada found it quite surprising that she had managed to keep up with her.  Perhaps it was something she had simply done of necessity.  Ada could understand that.

After some time, Ada put her hands on her knees and stood, preparing to continue, but Conscience grasped her wrist.  It seemed that she still wanted to protest.

"So I get that maybe seeing this for real might be a different experience than watching it on a screen, but couldn't we have at least tried to do this legally?  Maybe we could have, I don't know, bought tickets and walked through the gate?"

Ada brushed off Conscience's hand.  "You know as well as I that I do not have any money.  I do not have an allowance.  And that is not even mentioning the fact that the tickets are prohibitively expensive."

"Yes, but Mother might have given you--"

Ada cut her off.  "She most certainly would not have given me even a cent if I told her what it was I would be doing with her money."  Aside from having a particularly tight grip on her wallet, Mother also detested the sport of GDL.  To even bring it up in her presence was cause for grounding.  Ada suspected that the only reason she hated the sport so much was because Ada liked it so much.  The sentiment was classic Mother.

Conscience, of course, knew this.  Rarely did Ada not have issues with her parents, and Conscience had listened patiently on many occasions while Ada ranted about the particularly egregious examples of their idiocy.  But tonight that patience had been replaced with a particularly staunch reluctance.  It was beginning to get on Ada's nervers.

Conscience closed her eyes and took a breath.  "I suppose you won't back down will you?"

"Of course not."

"So stubborn…"

She pounded the ground lightly with a fist and abruptly bounced up. "So be it," she said with a sigh.

Ada raised a skeptical eyebrow at her before turning and pointing behind them.

A month ago, she had acquired the blueprints for the stadium - a trivial task, for they were publicly available on a .gov site -  and she had poured over them incessantly.  This had proven extremely valuable.  The metal platform on which they stood held a beam that ran into the stadium's main structure where it supported rows upon rows of steel columns beneath the third deck of seating.  Another smaller beam below stretched from the platform and well into the area below the stadium seating.  Its location and orientation provided the crux of Ada's infiltration plan.  This particular beam had been placed just low enough that she could balance herself out towards it, then climb into the small rampart between the beam above it, providing a path that led directly inside.  Well, inside the stadium at least.  It did not have direct access to seating.

She knelt down and began to slowly shimmy herself across the foot wide beam.  She had considered walking on it, but there was absolutely nothing to hold on to save for the beam itself, and she did not feel particularly confident in her ability to remain balanced.  Slowly but surely, Ada made her way across it to a little lip where she pulled herself into a small hole beneath the bleachers.  Stomach flat on another metal beam, she crawled forward one elbow at a time.  She heard Conscience's grunts behind her.

"Almost there," she muttered to herself.  She looked up, to a light at the end.  She just had to get there.  Just a bit further...

Squeezing through a very tight opening, scraping her shins quite painfully, Ada suddenly found herself in a nook beneath two billboards, where she could sit and look out onto the field.  Her jaw dropped.  It was everything she had ever dreamed of and more.  She stared out from a vantage just above the press box with a full view of the pitch below and the massive screen projected TV at the far end of the stadium.  She could see everything, from the complex rigging of the pitch, to the Capsules and the banners that the crowd held up.  People filled the stands, most wearing the colors of Team Umbra: black jerseys slashed with purple and pink ribbons around the sleeves.  They held signs, sported painted faces, and giggled excitedly at the match to come.  None of them so much as glanced up at the little alcove in which she sat.

Conscience emerged noisily from the crevice behind her, plopping onto the metal beam with a grunt, and panicked as she nearly tumbled off the edge.  Ada caught her and safely pulled her in to sit in the spot beside her.  Conscience's breath had quickened, and she held a hand over her heart, but here eyes widened as she surveyed the view of the field that they both now had.

"Wow," she said quietly.  "This is quite a good seat for an illegal entrance."

"Indeed," Ada said smugly.  Weeks of planning had culminated in this moment.  She appreciated the confirmation of her intelligence.

They ogled at the view for a few minutes, Ada intentionally attempting to imprint the moment permanently in her memory, though it was not something she was liable to forget.  She had been to other professional sports games with Mother and Father before, but she had never been this excited about being at a stadium.  She felt more a part of the match than she ever had sitting alone in her room at 2 AM, curled up on her bed, phone held in front of her face as she watched round after round of GDL.   It had a different feel when she truly cared about the game itself, and the teams.

Conscience suddenly turned towards her.  "So what's all this for anyway?  Why are you so determined to be here?"

Ada arched an eyebrow, but did not respond immediately.  To explain this for somebody like Conscience… well she suspected to fully explain it would not be possible.  This game meant more to Ada than practically anything else in the world.  How could she hope to make Conscience understand that?

The screen across the stadium had been showing pictures and profiles of the members of each team that would be playing tonight.  They were all young men, some spindly, some muscular, but all fit and confident.  At that moment the screen transitioned to a player, a young man who appeared like the rest, tall and handsome.  The text beneath his picture said 'Laurel "Proud" Gawin.’  On the next line: ‘Scout, Tyzon’s Team Victory.  His team's logo blazed behind him: a large, snake-like letter 'V' superimposed an another capital 'T'.  The background showed a red stripe fading into the white-laquered lettering.  Ada caught herself staring at him, and quickly adjusted her headlamp, looking around at the stands.  Several members of the audience pointed to the screen excitedly, and the buzz of they made became noticeably more vibrant.

"It is not just the game I came here to see, Conscience.  I came here to see him."

Below them, the press box began their broadcast.

-

The broadcast booth's setup was rather standard: two men dressed in ties and long-sleeved Oxford shirts sat behind a sleek desk, the roaring crowd behind them fueling their apparent passion for the game they were about the watch.

Of the two men, the one on the left, the play-by-play commentator, was short, stalky, and bald, the polished skin on his head sometimes reflecting into the camera on his profile.  His cohort, a much taller and lanky man, elicited a more relaxed approach to his job.  Where the play-by-play commentator on the left looked about ready to burst with excitement, the color-commentator on the right seemed pleasantly calm and ready for the broadcast.

They began their segment, Ada and Conscience above them able to hear everything they said.

"Hello everyone, and welcome to another match of Gordon Distinguished League here in the wonderful city of Denver, Colorado!"  The bald man on the left said enthusiastically.  "I'm Phillip 'Hijinx' McGee and I'm lucky to be joined by my co-caster Anders "Smalltail" McFadden..." the man to his right waved and smiled, "who you may remember was the very talented front-runner for Team Lava Corps just two years ago."

Smalltail, having been formally introduced, continued right where Hijinx left off.  "Thanks 'Jinx, and speaking of being lucky, we are in for a treat tonight, as we will be seeing a match between two contenders for a spot in the North American Worlds Qualifiers."

The broadcast had now switched to an overlay, but it shown on the screens directly in front of the commentators: A picture of both the competing teams' emblems, one a picture of a massive "V" for Tyzon’s Team Victory, and the other, blocked and shadowed letters for the team owned by Umbra Static Corp.

The bald man, Hijinx, was now speaking: "That's right Smalltail, but before we stick our feet into the action, let's take a look at the matchup."  The commentators' screens lit up with a table of win/loss comparisons for a division of teams.  "A win tonight for either team will grant entrance to the world qualification final in Massachusetts.  The loser?  Well they'll have to wait another whole year before they have another chance to play on the world stage.  With so much on the line, Smalltail, which team do you think has the edge in this contest?"

Smalltail did responded quickly. "Well, Tyzon is the talk of the town right now. They are one of the newest additions to the league, but from their very first match they have taken North America by storm.  They smashed their way through the amateur circuit last year without dropping a match, and living up to their name, have thus far not lost one in the professional circuit.

"Right you are, Smalltail," said Hijinx.  "Tyzon has indeed looked utterly unstoppable since they joined the league.  But what’s the secret to their success?"

"Well how can you talk about Tyzon without talking about their prodigy player and front-runner 'Proud'." A picture of the same man who had been on the projection popped up onto the commentator screens.  "This young man has astonished critics and coaches alike with his incredible control of his Capsule.  He is developing quite a fan base, and not just here in America, but all over the world."  The little production screen that reflected what the live broadcast saw was now overlayed with a slideshow of fans in Tyzon paraphernalia, smiling and waving at the camera.  Smalltail paused for emphasis at this point.  "Tyzon have got a special player in Proud.  I've seen a powerful presence from him and his team in this league for a while now, and I think they have the best shot not only to win this match, but also the World Stage.  My vote is for Tyzon."

Hijinx decided to play devil's advocate: "Hey, now this is a team game, Smalltail.  It takes more than one to win." He gave a fake admonishing grin to his co-caster.  "Let's not count out the seeded favorites for this game.  Umbra Static may not have such a prodigic player as Proud, but the Umbra organization itself has a storied and medal-checkered past.  They have never failed to attend the world stage – with a streak of four years I might add.  They have a host of solid players with Kormander and Legion both at the top of their game right now.  Tyzon has done very well so far but they haven’t tested their strength against a veteran giant like Umbra Static."

Smalltail shook his head, "While that is certainly impressive, one streak has to end tonight.  I say Umbra Static goes home and waits for the next year.  It’s time to see Proud shine."

Ready to wrap up, Hijinx looked back at the camera. "Some confident words, Smalltail, and we will certainly see if you are correct, but right now we'll be heading to a brief commercial break.  Don't go anywhere folks, we'll be right back."

-

As the casters finished their segment, Conscience turned to Ada.  "Well he’s rather handsome, isn’t he?  I can see why you like him."

"I do not want to see him because he is handsome," Ada said, attempting to force the flush in her cheeks to recede.  "I want to see him because he is the *best*."  It was not working.  She was sure her cheeks were redder than the brightest rose.  She sighed..  "You could say he is… inspiring to me," she muttered.

"Oh?  And, pray tell, how is that?"

Ada frowned down at the field.  "I feel that I... know him somehow."

"You do?" Conscience asked incredulously. She shook her head.  "I'm pretty sure I would have known about a guy like that.  You haven't spoken to me about him, save for tonight--"  She cut herself off, abruptly seeming to realize something.  "Oh I see!  It's like that isn't it?  I can totally understand why you wouldn't want to talk to me about your crushes..."

Ada put a hand to her temples, wincing.  "No, Conscience.  He has simply been something on my mind recently.  You are never interested when I watch GDL streams, so I figured you would not have an interest in him."

"Hmm," Conscience said, putting her hands behind her head and leaning back.  She almost whistled.  "I suppose that makes some sense.  But now I'm just curious.  Why do you feel like you know him?"

"I have seen him in person."

Conscience burst out laughing.  "That's all it takes?  One look and you're buddy-buddy now?  Is this true love at first sight?"

Eyes closed, Ada calmly waited for Conscience to stop giggling.  "You have the wrong idea," she said after several long, unpleasant seconds.  "I think… he used to live near our house.  I used to see him every day."

"Oh..." Conscience said, eyebrows shooting up, disappearing beneath her long bangs.  "Explain.  Now."

"This was a while ago... a few summers perhaps.  Before I met you."  She gave Conscience a significant look, who nodded impatiently.  "Mother sent me to high school prep courses on weekday evenings.  She wanted to make sure I got into Erran Valley, so she sent me to these horrifically boring sessions at the school during summer break."  Ada shook her head in disgust.  "As if I would have a problem passing an exam… But Mother was insistent, and I did not feel like upsetting her."

"I see that tune has changed," said Conscience dryly.

"It was different back then," Ada said, waving her hand in front of her face.  "Mother was more tolerable.  But that is not the point. When I walked to school on these evenings, there was a boy there, on the fields furthest from the school.  I only noticed him because he was there every single time I passed by.  Running around, working hard on the field, he was always doing some movement or another.  His efforts looked truly exhausting, but he was always there, from the beginning of my classes, and past the end of them.  He did not miss a single day."

"Did you ever go up and talk to him?"

"Of course not!" Ada said, affronted.  "To me he was just some guy.  I had know idea who he was!  But... look at him now."  Ada trailed off, looking down at the field.  

"How did you know it was him?  This 'Proud' guy?" Conscience asked.

"One day, he just stopped coming, and I never saw him again.  I thought, maybe he had given up at whatever it was that he had been training for.  Then I saw him as the centerpiece for Tyzon.  It is unmistakably him, Conscience.  I never guessed he had been training for something like GDL.  He was so diligent, so disciplined... I have since wondered if I had the resolve to train in anything as devotedly as that."

She looked up to see shock on Conscience's face.  "Oh my..." Conscience said, "You really do have a crush on him..."

Ada gave Conscience her most withering look and quickly turned back to the field in order to hide that awfully embarrassing red in her face.  When Conscience was being particularly irritating, it was best to ignore her.

"This is so exciting!"  Conscience exclaimed.  "I've never seen you swoon like this!"

Ada stopped herself from retorting by clenching the metal beneath her.  She took a deep, calming breath.  "I am simply curious," she said, "how all that training is going to pay off."

"Right--" said Conscience, she opened her mouth to press yet further, but her next words were interrupted by the dimming of the stadium lights, and the hush of the crowd.  They both looked down to the field where cranes began to lift all ten of the Capsules off of their landings and onto the field.  Ada released her hands as adrenaline shot through her.

"So what exactly are we going to see?" Conscience asked in a hushed whisper.  "I assume this is some sort of sport?"

"Yes," Ada said, "It is a game where two teams of five players compete in a pre-generated virtual world."

"Okay..." said Conscience slowly, "so what do they do?"

"You will just have to see for yourself."
