The sound of the fans cheering inside the stadium was so loud that it could be heard all the way inside the locker room, despite having traveled from the middle of the stadium, across the stage to the east, and through to the end of a massive hallway, where a pair of steel doors were shut.  Laurel's brow furrowed as he heard the cheering.

A vein pulsed in his temple, exacerbating the frigid pain that engulfed his skull.  Like most migraines he developed, this one had wrapped itself in his mind quickly and bluntly, and no amount of massaging would get it to slacken.  He simply had to find ways deal with it.

The locker room was dark, the lights having been shut off.  Laurel sat in a plastic chair with both feet on the ground, hands on knees, eyes closed.  The key to dealing with his recurring headaches was acceptance - he focused on the pain he felt, the little threads of ice splaying from the middle of his head and the way his mind seemed to engorge with each heartbeat.  He had to accept this as part of himself, as a persistent feature of his body, as something normal.  Only then would it recede.  It was always difficult.  The function of pain was a way for the body to tell the mind if irregularity, of non-normalcy.  To accept the opposite was tricky.  But Laurel had great practice at tricking his mind into things.  He was close now.

"The game begins soon," Cecilia said from somewhere in the darkness.  "You may wish to hurry up."

Slowly Laurel opened his eyes and looked towards her.  He did not say anything, but his stare caused her to stir.  She stepped forward into a beam of light that shone through a window in the doors to the room, and regarded Laurel.  She appeared displeased.

"I believe that I am... eager for it to start."

Laurel opened his mouth to speak, and a croaking grumble came out. "You're impatient."  

"Am I?" she said.  "I always seem to find myself waiting for you."  She turned away from him, looking at the door, and her voice assumed a more, musing quality.  "I have waited quite a bit, in fact."

Laurel grunted, then pushed himself up from his chair.  He stared into the darkness for a moment.  "Let's get this over with," he said, finally.  He turned towards the door and pushed through it.  Cecilia watched him impassively as he strode passed her.

---

"Another one?" Jeremiah asked, concerned.

Laurel nodded.

"That's twice in one day."

Laurel nodded.

"Gah!" Jeremiah rubbed his forehead.  "Can you even play?"

Laurel nodded.

They stood at the entrance of the pitch with a full view of the field.  Jeremiah had hands in the pockets of his brown overcoat, and bounced apprehensively on his toes as he paced from side to side.  He was a sturdy man of average height, in his late forties, balding, though his hair still retain a streak of gray-brown around the back of his head.  The many staff members of the stadium who walked into the hallway behind him often had to jump out of the way of his incessant pacing.  He did not seem to notice.

"Don't you have anything to say?"

Laurel shrugged.  "Cecilia wants the game to start.  Isn't that enough for you?"

"Maybe," Jeremiah said, hand stroking his chin.  "You don't seem too enthusiastic, though."

"Am I ever?" Laurel asked.

"Nah, but you just seem... off.  Plus these problems you've been having."

"I've had the before."

"Yes but..."

Laurel caught and held Jeremiah's gaze.  "My only goal is to win this match.  Nothing is going to stop me."

Jeremiah rubbed his eyebrows with thumb and forefinger.  "Fine.  Go do it.  Maybe this is all just part of the process."

Laurel turned towards the pitch where the ten GDL Capsules stood, ready for the game.

