---
Tragedy At Stadium Esports Event

Denver, CO.  Last evening of October 13th during a sporting event in the Grand Polle Center involving the virtual reality game GDL, a player was grievously injured and rushed to the hospital after an operating crane dropped a Capsule from three stories high.  All event operations were stopped and the seats emptied by this tragedy, much to the disappointment and horror of the several thousand attendees.

An investigation has turned up evidence that the Capsule of the hospitalized player had been tampered with, most likely in an attempt to affect the outcome of the match.  The safety locks that exist to prevent this very thing from happening had not been re-checked and seated correctly after the Capsule had been illegally modified.

In a public statement, Marylyn Robbins, director of the event and employee of Gordon Games which produces GDL, gave a statement: “We are deeply sorry for the incident that occurred, however we are unable to provide a full report at the moment.  Rest assured we are working with several sources to provide answers as soon as possible.  The match will be rescheduled to a later date.”  The company has declined requests for further comment.

The manager of the injured player's team, Scott Wilson had this to say: "Protocols for this type of thing are woefully under-established.  We have been told time and time again that these Capsules are utterly safe.  Maybe without the human element they are, but it is clear that human tampering can seriously endanger my players.  I expect Gordon Games to give a full explanation of this event, and to do a more thorough vetting process of their league."

Allegations of foul play have been asserted against the Umbra organization, though none have been confirmed.  Umbra has declined to comment on the matter.

Several reports of stadium staff indicate that an engineer who had been assigned the task of inspecting the Capsules has gone missing after the incident occurred.  As of now his whereabouts are unknown.

The injured player is in stand-by at a hospital in Denver after undergoing tests for various ambiguous injuries.  At the time, the extent of these injuries is unclear. 

Ed. Alissa Rhodes
---

The rising sun had begun to reflect off of the computer screen in front of Ada's face, but she paid it little heed.  Eyes only a few inches away from the monitor, zigzagging quickly, she read as fast as possible.  This was just one article of many on the happenings of last night, but they all read similarly, all doing nothing to placate her anxiety.

Ada sat in the computer lab of Erran High School.  It was fifteen minutes before classes started.  She had hurried here in the morning, having been unable to sleep well, her mind filled with anxiety about Proud's condition.  And It had only gotten worse through the night.  She wanted to know if he was okay, if that what she saw on that field - the vision of which having haunted her all of the night - would turn out okay in the end..

The computer lab served as an unfortunate but necessary annoyance.  With Mother's ban on all internet-capable devices, Ada now had to resort to this room if she wanted any sort of information about Proud.  The trouble was, the school only opened to students a half-hour before classes began, a rule which left Ada standing impatiently at the entrance, waiting for one of the teachers to open the door for her - only at the precise tick of 7:00 AM of course.  Once inside and settled, she had frantically begun to search.

The official statement from GDL was straight PR damage control, completely useless as real information, and nothing further had been said by them.  In light of this lack of information, everyone else had an opinion about what had actually happened, and most had accusations at the ready.  Some believed that Team Umbra elicited foul play, that their organization should be held responsible for the Capsule falling from the crane.  Others pointed fingers at Gordon Games itself, citing that the Capsules were simply not as safe as Gordon Games had been saying all this time. Still others claimed the event was a freak accident, rare and unlikely to happen again; these people blamed nobody in particular, poor luck instead.  Each post left a lingering question though: everyone wanted to know how such a thing could happen in such an important match.  What would happen now?  Would Proud recover in time if ever a rematch was scheduled?

But they all seemed to be forgetting about Proud himself.  Not a single article that Ada had read mentioned anything about how Proud was *currently* doing.  They all seemed to disregard him as a detail, a footnote in the overall scandal.  They assumed he would get better eventually, whenever a rematch was scheduled.  She became more and more frustrated.

"I hope you don't mind me saying," Conscience said.  "But you look like your face is going to have permanent crease marks."

Ada looked up.  Conscience had been sitting quietly in a nearby chair up to this point, something that was rather uncharacteristic of her.  Apparently she had been biding her time until she thought of something suitably clever to say.

"Oh?" Ada said offhandedly.  "Right."  She looked back at the screen, not wanting to put any effort into coming up with a response.  Unfortunately, that did not deter Conscience in the slightest.

"Seriously.  What's the matter?  Did you find something out?"  Conscience reached out and put a hand on Ada's shoulder.  The contact jolted her.

"No!" Ada said, slamming the table.  This startled Conscience, who visibly flinched.  The only other student in the lab, a boy with a fro and a frown on his face, looked at her, alarmed and annoyed.  He looked like he was about to say something.  Ada ignored him, took a breath, and calmed down.  "No," she said, more mildly.  "Sorry."  It was a combination of her anger at everyone on the internet and the simple fact that she did not particularly want to converse with Conscience.  But those were not very good reasons to remain nasty.

"Well, this is rare," Conscience said, sitting up straight and clasping her hands together.  "You are angry at somebody."

"This is important, Conscience," Ada said.  She looked Conscience in the eyes. "I cannot find anything about Proud.  Only speculation and nonsense.  I just do not understand.  Does nobody else care about him?"

"Not as much as you do," said Conscience off-handedly.  Ada felt her anger rising, but Conscience plowed onward.  "Well it looks like you've been searching everyone's personal opinion.  Is there anything more reputable?  Team news sites, Social media...?"

"I have tried them all," Ada said, shaking her head.  “I cannot find a thing.”

Across the room, the boy whom Ada had been pointedly ignoring shouted, "Hey!". For the first time, Ada looked up at him, just now noticing the enormous case beside his chair.  It looked like it held some sort of instrument.  He sat five computers away, leaning over his chair and glaring at her with a look of annoyance that rivaled Conscience's worst.  "Could you talk on your phone outside?"

Ada held his gaze for a moment, then sniffed and returned to her searching.  She was not on her phone.  She was allowed to have a conversation.

With a small sigh, Conscience shrugged but ultimately fell silent.  Ada returned to her search.  Minutes passed, and still there was nothing.

Suddenly, a loud beep resounded over the loudspeaker in the corner of the room.  It was the school bell, signaling the start of class.  It also signaled Ada's tardiness.  Ada looked at Conscience, who shrugged.  Usually Conscience incessantly badgered Ada when she was going to be late to something, but apparently Conscience had been too negligent to notice the time.

With a disgusted glance at the computer screen, Ada logged off and hurried to the door, nearly colliding with the boy who had spoken tersely to her earlier.  He had tried rushing past her on his way out, almost dropping the instrument case onto the floor.  It clattered around ominously in his grip.

"Look where you're going," he growled.

Ada was too affronted, too irritated to respond.  The boy put his head down and passed into the hall, thunking his case hard on the door frame, leaving a small chip in the paint.  His fro bobbed back and forth with his quick strides as he hurried away.  He did not look back, and Ada made sure he disappeared around the corner before she exited the room herself.

A minute or so passed before Ada stood in front of her first classroom for the day.  With her hand on the handle of the door she saw through the little window next to it, and could see the class in session, students peering somewhat attentively at the front of the room, watching the teacher.  Ada took a slight breath, then turned the handle.  She held her head upright, and tried to pretend that she had done nothing wrong.

Mr. Staples taught the first class of Ada's day; she did not like him much.  He was a tall man, lanky and lumbering, and cared little for his looks.  His wrinkled clothes and messy hair prevailed in his disheveled appearance, aided by how his shirt became more untucked as the day progressed.  But despite this perceived raggedness, he remained energetic and animated when he engaged with students.  He liked to prance around the room as he spoke in class, descending to people’s faces, posing questions to individuals as if the rest of the class did not exist.  This tactic worked very well with students who did not pay much attention, but it was often uncomfortable and irritating to learn from him.  Ada disliked him not because he was a bad teacher, but because he used his position to manipulate her attention. She disliked people who thought they were smarter than her, people who thought they knew better than her.

So she usually spent the majority of Mr. Staples' classes trying to beat him at his own game.  She sat in the front, tried to look aloof and uninterested like her peers so that he would call on her.  Mr. Staples looked for students who fit that paradigm, often posing difficult questions about his lecture, hoping to catch those types off guard, make them feel embarrassed and shock them into paying attention.  Ada tried to bait Mr. Staples into calling upon her so that she could then answer any of his questions flawlessly.  It gave her satisfaction to throw his tactics right back in his face.

However, having walked into class late today, antagonizing Mr Staples did not seem appropriate.  Ada hoped that he would not make a big deal out of her tardiness, but it seemed that was not meant to be.  He stopped speaking the moment she entered and stared at her silently before speaking.

"Well hello there Miss Eldridge.  Welcome to class."

Ada gave him what she hoped was a bland look - but was probably too surly - and made her way to her desk, at the front of the classroom, ignoring the rest of the class.  Well, she normally ignored them, but today she took extra care not to lock eyes with anybody accidentally.

"Ada, I saw you half an hour ago heading into the building.  Where were you and why are you late?"

"Well.  If you must know.  I was in the computer lab." Ada said.  She made sure to speak clearly.  She hated those who mumbled.  It was an indication of someone who was unsure of themselves, a characteristic that reminded her of her lesser peers.

"Ah," said Mr. Staples, arms crossed, foot tapping on the carpet.  "And I suppose that place is more interesting than here?"  He fished for an apology, or an explanation, either of which Ada was not going to give.  Her thoughts flew to Proud for a moment, and a tightness formed by her eyes.

"I needed to check something," Ada said.  If he wanted to interrogate her, she was going to make him ask every question.

Mr. Staples sighed and, astonishingly, he turned away.  "Please try not to be tardy again."  He resumed the lecture where he had left off.

Ada frowned from her chair.  That was most unlike Mr. Staples.  He very much enjoyed lecturing people, and she was certain that if anyone else were tardy, he would have ruthlessly laid into them as he had done on previous occasions to a few class slackers.  But, Ada supposed, since her grades were good and she did not usually arrive late, he must have let her off easy, just this once.  So she reached into her bag and pulled out her pencil box, her notebook, and her Calculus textbook placing them neatly on her desk.  Then she looked up and tried to pay attention.  But Ada found that it was almost impossible for her to do so.

As soon as her mind began to enter an idle state, her thoughts drifted to the GDL match, to the uncertainty of Proud’s condition.  She worried.  During class, Mr. Staples asked her several questions, none of which she was able to answer satisfactorily because of her distractedness.  That just upset her even further, and she fought to keep her composure.  But it was a losing battle.  Before the end of the period, Mr. Staples administered a quiz.  Ada did her best, but could not concentrate on her answers.

After a long hour, when the beep signaling for students to transfer classrooms came over the loudspeaker, she felt compelled to rush back down to the computer lab and see if there was any more news about last night.  Painstakingly, she refrained from doing so.  On top of the fact that it would certainly make her late for her next class, she figured it would just make her even more antzy.  She made a silent promise to herself that she would wait until at least the end of the day before going back.


---

The building that housed all the main classrooms for Erran Valley held a certain, subtle blandness in its hallways.  They were all the same: dull blue lockers lined one side, double decked, identical RFID locking mechanism embedded halfway up the frames.  Large doors for six classrooms stood in perfect symmetry, closed for the moment, obscuring the sound of the attending classes inside.  The grayness of the concrete brick on the walls peeked out from beneath these various objects, sopping up the canvas for whatever color may have existed here.  The floor was simple carpeting, a more muted gray than the walls, with a very generic diamond pattern lining the edging.  A thin layer of dust covered it, an accumulation of irremovable grime and dirt from years and years of footsteps.  Here and there a crumpled paper had been wedged under the inch of space beneath the lockers, where countless pens and pencils would clearly never be found again.  From above, natural light emanated from a large, skylight that spanned the length of the ceiling.  On a day like today, the overcast sky did little to brighten the dour mood.  Little lamps dotted every few feet, all turned off for now to save on electricity.  The hallway ended at a fixed intersection which led further into Erran High School.

As she sketched on the enormous notepad propped upon her gangly knees, Jesse Morlock struggled to find details worth remembering in such a boring place.  She sat in the Math hallway: on the opposite end to the left: the inner Gymnasium, and to the right: the Literature wing.  Near her side, the hallway transformed into the music wing and auditorium.  Though she could easily pick out many specific things, she sought to identify more of the bigger picture of the hallway, and more importantly, the feeling of what it was like to sit at one end and look down it.  When the class period ended - in about ten minutes - this very hallway would be filled to the brim with students bustling about, talking loudly over each other, buzzing with the energy that accumulated from having to sit still for a few hours.  But now this hallway was empty, and Jesse thought that stark contrast was something - perhaps the only thing - she wished to capture with this drawing.

Jesse alternated between looking down at her paper and glancing up at the hallway, intently making strokes with her pen.  Having been sketching for the past hour, she had nearly completed the line work, the base layer.  It was the most important part, and required the most thought.  Her pen did not have an eraser.  She did not believe in removing mistakes, especially not for a scene like this.  If her hand drew a line at any given place, that was where it was meant to be on the drawing.  If it looked wrong, then perhaps she could give that line some support with yet more lines.  She always sketched in this manor, and she had never drawn a picture that she regretted.

Her focus was not on precisely where she put the pen, but the way she felt when placing it.  In this way, her feelings could be conveyed through the tool she used.  She had picked up this habit from the hermit-like man who ran the art department here at the school: Mr. Welgad.  He had the most odd way of speaking, with little ticks and distracting mannerisms mixed in between short and gib sentences.  But he certainly had a way with artistry, particularly with the human form.  He was known to effortlessly draw portraits of students in minutes such that they could be recognized from down the hallway.  Every time she saw him, Jesse made a point to ask about how he had achieved such mastery.  Sometimes he gave good advice, other times cryptic.  She tried to incorporate all of it.

It was a little chilly in the school today, the weak sun coming through the ceiling did not provide much warmth to aid the school's heating system.  The hallway smelled like fresh paper mixed with the smell of a cloth-filled storage unit.  But most of all, the hallway felt lonely.  Bitterly lonely.  And even though she knew it would be filled with people soon, she could not shake the feeling she had about it.  It was imperative that she got this feeling on the paper.

After one particularly long stroke, Jesse looked up and saw somebody turn the corner at the far end.  Squinting, she recognized a boy with a curly fro bobbing towards her.   With him, he lugged a large case, slouching beneath its weight.  It was Otis.  Otis Mills.  She could see him now that he had taken a few steps closer.

She smiled smiled warmly as he struggled greatly to carry that case - which of course contained his cello.  That feeling of loneliness she felt while sketching had completely vanished now.

"What are you doing out here?" he asked when he got close. He gave his cello case a large heave and leaned it against the wall.  He heaved a sigh of relief.  Otis was fairly small of build and not particularly strong, but more than made up for it with attitude and persistence.

"Sketching..." she said, holding up her sketchpad.  Otis squinted at it.

"That looks like this hallway," he said, looking around.  "Did you draw that right now?  That's pretty good."

Jesse frowned.  "Yes...", she said, and looked at the sketch again.  She wondered if she had captured what she had meant to in the drawing; the proper feeling of loneliness, the blandness, the contrast.  If so, did Otis feel it too in this picture?  Or maybe he was just being nice, telling her it was good...

"So are you ditching class to draw?" he asked.

Jesse broke out of her thoughts.  "Of course not," she said.  "Fine Art 3 only has six people in the class, and Ms. Brugler sometimes sends us out to fill our sketchpads.  She doesn't seem to care about holding an official class at all, as long as we're practicing."

"Oh," he said.  "Sounds like a pretty cushy class."  He glanced at his cello case.

She knew he spent an exorbitant amount of time practicing that instrument just to hold a spot in the band, but Jesse thought about reminding him that she spent, at the very least, just as much time drawing.  She decided against the sentiment.  Antagonizing Otis rarely boded well, sometimes even when it was harmless teasing.  And, regardless, he was very talented with the instrument.  It would simply be in bad taste.  "Well I suppose I could ask you the same question," she said.  "It's a little early to line up for the music classroom."

Otis looked past Jesse, further down the hallway, to the music wing, and sighed. "I don't have a first period, but I came early to practice," he said.  "I haven’t had a lot of time lately.  Had to carry this damn thing from the third parking lot."

"The dirt one?" Jesse said.  "That's pretty far.  No wonder you're so winded."

Otis gave her a flat look.  "It's not my fault Vivi likes to park as far away as possible.  Says its good exercise."  He crossed his arms.  "Hell, it was her fault I didn't get to practice all that much at home.  She and Dad got into another argument.  It’s made the whole house on edge for the last few weeks.  I couldn't draw a string once without getting snapped at."

Jesse adjusted her pants to cover her ankles.  Otis frequently complained about his sister, to the point of annoyance.  It was something to get used to when holding a conversation with him.  "Well... maybe you just need a way to get out of the house for practice."

"With that thing?" Otis said, indicating the large case.  "Fat chance.  And could you imagine any place I could take that without getting yelled at?  Besides the music classroom, of course."

Jesse looked at it thoughtfully.  "A few places..." she began, but at that moment, a large BEEP resounded through the hallway.  It was the bell, signaling the end of the period.  The doors banged open, and students began to poor out of the classrooms.  The rest of Jesse's words were drowned out in the noise.

Otis cursed.  "I’m late.  I didn't realize how long it took me to get up here.  And then I got distracted."  He glanced sideways at Jesse, then shrugged.  "Ah, it's no big deal.  Not your fault.  Well not completely your fault."  He went to grab his cello, but when he turned around to face the hallway, he hesitated.  It had filled with students so quickly that he could not find a way through with the large case.  Resignedly, he put it back.

Collecting her sketchpad close to her chest, Jesse stood up and stretched, blood tingling through her legs and feet.  She had been sitting there for a bit too long.

"So what new club have you decided to pick up this semester?" Otis asked, a bit too casually, as they waited for the mass of students to thin out.

"Club?" Jesse said.  "I… well I decided not to join one this year.  Just going to take it slow for now.  You know."  She laughed, and hoped it did not sound as half-hearted as it she thought it did.

Raising an eyebrow at her, Otis said, "That's not very like you.  You're always trying to butt your head into others peoples' interests just to see if you can help in any way."

Who did he think she was, some kind of nosey gossip?  She was about to say as much when Otis pointed behind her at the bulletin board.  It held a single, black-and-white poster depicting an advertisement for an orchestral concert that the music club planned to play for the first concert of the year.  The Many Fugues of Bach it read.  “We always like new members,” he said, looking a little abashed.  “Percussion has a few spots open.”

Jesse smirked at him.  "You know as well as I that I can't play music," she said.  "Never had that spark in me.  Probably never will.  Plus I don't think I'd be able to carry that cello case as elegantly as you."

Otis glowered at the case, but abruptly a shout came from down the hallway, followed by a clattering of pencils and a hush.  Jesse looked at Otis, who grimaced - he rarely liked to confront any sort of trouble - but he followed as Jesse poked her way through confused students to see what the commotion was.

A boy had been pushed into a girl, causing the girl to drop all her books and her pencil box.  Pencils littered the floor, and her books were strewn about.  Jesse recognized the boy: Jackson Brolan, a junior with whom she had spoken only once during sophomore year and then never again.  She hadn't liked him too much.  Far too aggressive.  There was a boy behind him too: Roger McCormick, another with whom she rarely spoke.  She thought both of them played rugby; they served as a shining example of why she generally avoided the contact sports players.  They were far too touchy-feely for her to be comfortable around them.  But now it was obvious to Jesse what had happened.  They had been roughhousing, as they were so often predisposed to do, and Roger had pushed Jackson with too much force into an innocent bystander.

Jackson had gotten up first, and was now bending over the poor girl he had bowled over.  Jesse did not recognize her: she was obviously a freshman, younger and quite a bit smaller than the bulky, muscular boy towering over her.  She had a little yellow flower in her ponytail that had almost been completely dislodged when falling to the ground.

"Are you okay?" Jackson said, his deep voice softened by his momentary worry that he had accidentally hurt her.

The girl stared at him sullenly and did not accept his hand.  Jesse thought she was fairly pretty, with deep brown eyes, sharp eyebrows and angular face.  She also had decent figure, for a freshmen at least... but that look on her face could scare away the most egregious of potential suitors.  It had genuine a kind of distaste behind it that Jesse was not used to seeing in people, and it startled Jesse.  Beside her, Otis put his palm on his forehead.

"Not her again..." he said.  Jesse raised her eyebrows.  Did *he* know who this girl was?  It was rare for Otis to know somebody in the school whom Jesse did not, even one of the freshman whom Jesse had not had time to introduce herself to.  She always made a point of doing that.  It was important to have friends in high and low places.

The girl stared at Jackson's hand for a moment, then glanced at her empty pencil box beside her, scowling at the mess.  She ignored him completely

Seeing that she was not going to accept his hand, Jackson retracted it and rounded on Roger.  "What'd ya do that for?  At least help pick up her pencils!"

Roger, who had been standing guiltily by the wall, jumped forward and started collecting the many pencils all over the floor.  Jackson and some onlookers helped too, though many of the writing utensils had skidded beneath the lockers to unreachable places.  Jesse gathered the books on the floor, straightening them in all the places where the spines had nearly been broken.  Meanwhile, the girl just stood up, delicately fixed the flower on her head, and folded her arms, waiting for everyone to finish cleaning up her stuff.

"Sorry about that..." Jackson said, scratching his head, handing back her pencil box.

Without a word, she snatched it from his hands, gathered the books that Jesse was holding, and stalked off down the hallway.  

"Wait!" Jesse called after her.  She started to chase after the girl, but the crowd of students melded in around her, preventing any progress.  Nearby students were muttering.

"What's her problem?"

"He didn't hit her THAT hard."

"I wouldn't want to be on her bad side."

With a frown, Jesse gave a rueful glance in the direction the girl had gone.  After a bit, the crowd dispersed somewhat now that the drama had ended.  As they passed, Jackson punched Roger in the arm, but otherwise the pair remained civilized.

"I don't like her," Otis said at Jesse's side.  He too stared down the hallway where the girl had gone.

"Do you know who she is?" Jesse asked.

"Yeah, I do."  Otis said with a sneer.  "Ada Eldridge.  God, she pisses me off."

"Why?"

"All the freshmen avoid her.  She's just rude.  This week I had to come in early to write a Lit essay because Vivi has priority on the computer at home after her practice is over...  Ada showed up and started using one of the computers."

"So...?" Jesse said, perplexed.  "It's just the lab.  Everybody goes there sometimes."

Otis shook his head.  "She was on her phone the whole damn time, talking to somebody so loudly I could basically hear the whole conversation.  It made me want to stab her with one of her pencils."

"Don't say that..." Jesse said, eyeing him sternly.  Otis rarely had good things to say about people, but he never got this worked up about one in particular.

"It's astonishing to me," Otis continued, "that somebody can purposefully be so goddamn annoying. I even asked her to stop, and she just stared at me like she looked at that guy who ran into her.  I got a D on that papers by the way.  God, I was so angry while writing it."

"She can't be that bad..." Jesse said.

"Did you not just see what happened?" he said incredulously.  "That's par for the course.  She's a bad egg.  She'd do the same to you if you approached her."

"I've never seen her before," Jesse said, biting the corner of her sketchbook.  It was a bad habit of hers when she was thinking, and when she realized she was doing it, she stopped immediately.  She rounded on Otis, "I'm sure I would have heard about her if she was that awful."

For some reason that made him grin. "So there are people here you don't know."

That prompted a flat stare from her.  Of course she couldn't know everybody by name.  That was preposterous.  After a suitably long enough pause, she resumed her thoughts.  Was Ada as bad as Otis made her out to be?  And if so, why?  If there was anything Jesse knew for sure, a person with as strong, insolent, gaudy personality as that was clearly overcompensating for something.  Perhaps it was her way of projecting that she needed help.  At the very least, in pursuing the matter, she was certain that she could find an intriguing story.  Perhaps even an unlikely friend...

“Oh I know that look,” said Otis suspiciously.  “You don’t have to be friends with everybody, Jesse.”

Jesse shrugged.  He had a fascinating habit of reading her mind.  “She seems a bit interesting to me is all.  Anyway, don’t you have some cello to practice?”  She twirled her finger at him.

“Yeah, yeah.”  Otis scowled some more and walked off, grabbing the case from the wall and hoisting it inelegantly over his shoulders.

With sketchpad in hand, Jesse started her way back to her locker, one hallway over via the main atrium on the second floor.  As she walked, she waved at many of the students that she knew.  She passed plump Ayella Stork grinning sheepishly at Jesse from behind her books, a sophomore and also an excellent baker who had, for two years now, held the record profit for the Erran Valley annual bake sale which Jesse had helped to both create and organize.  Jerome Badgley and Alissa Moore both gave her a quick hug near the gym: Jesse had just helped them hook up last year, and it had apparently been going quite smoothly since.  They looked very happy together.  She had to decline their invite to a movie night that weekend.  After them, Jesse came upon the brothers Michael and Corbin Williams, who each gave her curt nods, something that stuffy pair rarely did outside of the theater club for which Jesse had helped paint last-minute props.

She knew many students like these, most from some activity or another; it was rare to find a person whom Jesse had not indirectly affected either from having been in a club or with some sort of assistance.  She liked it that way.  It made her feel… accomplished.  Worthwhile.  And Jesse of all people knew that there were uses to knowing people.

At the threshold of the senior hallway, Jesse looked to the very far end, towards her locker, on a stretch of walling squeezed between the philosophy classroom door and the window that looked out to the third parking lot.  There were only a few lockers in that space, haphazardly constructed as a last-minute addition to the hallway at the foot of which they stood.  To fit in that small nook, these lockers were smaller than normal, a third smaller than the others, and even closer together than the standard ones.  These were the overflow lockers; for students who were not part of the normal curriculum; for students who only just met the requirements for the prestigious Erran Valley High School.  There were a set of them for every year crammed into small hallways that had no right to house such intimate storage for students.  But still they existed.  Until this year, Jesse had not been relegated to such a disgrace, but things had indeed changed for her.  She simply had to make due.

A squat girl with a mess of tangled, black hair knelt by the locker next to Jesse's.  She was hunched over, and rummaging around in it intently.  Skye Marigold could not be described as pretty.  Aside from a thick, square frame, her skin was deathly pale, and her nose looked awkwardly pointed, as if perpetually broken.  However, her sub-par looks had never been the point of Jesse's deep annoyance with her; most everything else was.  Usually by this time Skye would have already proceeded to her next class, but today perhaps, she had reason to remain here.  Jesse sighed.  A good attitude could make this less unpleasant.

“Hello Skye,” Jesse said perhaps a little too brightly as she strode up.  “Looking for something?”

A messy pile of crumpled papers and tattered books lay beside Skye, who obvliously flung the contents of her locker into the hallway.  Passing seniors shot Skye irritated looks as bits of paper, broken pencils, or else rotten fruit was flung hap-hazzardly in their direction.  Jesse was surprised so much junk could fit inside such a tiny locker.

“My lit book is gone.  No idea where it went.”  Skye's voice, low and quick, always had a tinge of defensiveness, like she felt the need to explain herself wherever she went. Her locker door was flung completely open, preventing Jesse from accessing her own.  Jesse bit her lip in vexation.

“Could you close your locker a bit?  I need to get my books.”

“Just one second,” Skye said, not looking up.  “I think it might be at the bottom.”  She flung out an old, black sweatshirt that smelled vaguely of rotten bananas and sweat.  Jesse almost gagged.

“Maybe it’s not in there,” Jesse said, plugging her nose.

“It has to be; I didn’t put it anywhere else.”

Jesse closed her eyes and sighed.  She had not wanted to resort to this, but the smell was truly awful.  “You can borrow mine... if you need to.”

Skye stopped shoveling and stood up, slipping on one of her ripped papers, and barely preventing herself from tripping.  “I don’t know what could have happened to it,” she said quickly, brushing her sleeves.  "Things seem to always be gone for me sometimes.  It's just bad luck."  She frowned then looked expectantly at Jesse, who just stared back at her, an eyebrow climbing on her face.   “So… You have your book?”

"Oh,  Yes."  Jesse indicated her locker.  “It’s in there.  I need to get it.”

“Oh yeah.”  Skye tried to close her locker door, but the pile of trash on the ground only let her move the door a few inches.  Jesse squeezed through the nook and swiped her key.  The lock clicked open.  She grabbed the handle and tugged as hard as she could.  Slowly, it slipped open, just enough for her to have some rudimentary access.

“Sorry about that,” Skye said, now unceremoniously picking up pieces of her pile and shoving them back into her own locker.

“It’s fine,” Jesse said, struggling to wedge her sketchbook onto the hook where she normally placed it.  She took out the lit book, angling it between the lockers, and with some difficulty managed to drag it out unscathed.  “Here,” she said, offering it hesitantly to Skye.

“Thanks!”  Skye took the book and threw it on the floor next to her as she picked up the last pile of trash and stashed it away, shoving angled bits of paper roughly until the entire mass was just barely inside.  She firmly grabbed her locker door and whipped it closed before the whole pile came out again.  With a grunt, she leaned her shoulder against the lock and pushed until it clicked, then sighed in relief.  She bent down and picked up Jesse’s lit book by the back cover, almost dropping it to the ground before tossing it up and catching it. Jesse winced as the spine almost cracked.  “I’ll bring this back after next period,” Skye said, grinning.  Then she hurried off, leaving Jesse standing there, staring worriedly after her.

People had many problems, Jesse of course had her own, but she had always thought that, given a little thought and empathy - seeing herself in the shoes of others - she could always find a way to assist with those problems in a positive way.  That mantra was what had always made her so content with enduring some trouble in order to improve the lives of others, and following that, her own life.  Yet, it was quickly becoming apparent to Jesse that, for all the people like Ada whom Jesse was certain she could create a connection with, there was a person like Skye whom Jesse would like nothing more than to avoid at all costs.

