The general hum and bustle of students reverberated off the plaster walls of the U.S. History classroom.  Chairs scraped across carpet, books hit upon desks, and papers fluttered from folders, students chatted.  The first years had developed a certain restlessness now that the awkwardness of a new school setting had subsided with time.

Making certain to dissociate herself with the cliques and groups clumping about the room, Ada threaded her way between desks and chairs, taking an open seat in the column furthest from the door.  A few rows in front of Ada, at the teacher’s desk, stood Mrs. Marish, a middle-aged woman, short, wearing a grey cardigan and slacks.  She was unloading her book bag on her chair, sorting what looked to be a heavy sack into two separate piles.  A stack of paper resided on the corner of her desk and a folded card lay next to this stack, the words "Take One," scrawled in hasty, blocky lettering.

Mrs. Marish gazed at Ada as she approached the desk.  Ada inclined her head respectfully, though she also did not speak.  She turned and walked back to her desk, adjusting the scrunchy on her ponytail to appear unconcerned.  She sat down, aligning her pencil box in the top right corner and centering the paper in front of her.  She scanned it quickly, and recognized it for some sort of rubric.  She pulled out her binder and began the process of slotting it in the correct spot.
 
The clock a few feet above Ada’s head struck eight, and the tell-tale beep of the bell played through the loudspeaker next to it.  Slowly the room dispersed into desks.

"Alright, let’s begin," Mrs. Marish said primly, placing a final book on the pile.  She turned to the whiteboard, picked up a marker, and started to write a bulleted list.  "Hopefully you all have manged to take a sheet from the front.  These points--"  She abruptly stopped speaking, just now noticing the girl who still remained in the front of the classroom.

This girl, clearly of Asian descent, stood just to the side of the whiteboard, smiling both nervously and eagerly at Mrs. Marish.  Ada had never seen her before - though she could say that about a lot of students.  In fact she took pride in avoiding as many people as possible.  It made things easier.  The girl wore the customary school uniform of Erran Valley: a white-collared shirt and a checkered skirt, matches for what Ada wore, though this girl had wrapped a bright-blue cardigan around her waist.  Black socks stretched to her knees and she tapped her clogs up and down as she tiptoed excitedly.  Her hair was short, cut in a curve that dipped just below her ears where loopy earrings framed a face with a copious makeup, accentuating her sharp eyebrows, high cheekbones, and upturned nose.

"Excuse me," Mrs. Marish said.  "Why haven’t you taken your seat?"

The girl stopped bouncing on her toes.  "Aren’t you forgetting something, Mrs. Marish?" she said.  Her voice was high pitched, almost impossibly so.

"No, I don’t believe so."  Frowning, Mrs. Marish looked around the room, first at her desk, then at the rest of the students in the room, then the whiteboard, and finally back to the girl.

The girl gave Mrs. Marish a puzzled expression, then abruptly something seemed to dawn on her.  "Oh!  Did they not tell you I would be here today!"  Abruptly she grinned and flipped around to the white board, grabbing a marker.  The whole class watched in silence as she finished jotting down "Iroha" first in English, then in apparently Japanese, because after she returned to add cat ears to the ‘a’ in her name, she drew a surprisingly-accurate outline of the country and labeled it, dotting Tokyo in the bottom right corner.  She capped the marker and spun around.  "Hello everyone!" she said brightly, winking and waving.  "I’m Iroha.  I’m a new transfer student here!  It’s so nice to meet you!"  She bowed, her short hair dampening the small clinking that her earings made as they whipped around.

For several seconds all anybody did was stare at the top of Iroha's head as she remained bowed.  Then the boy sitting in front row nearest to her gave a timid wave and quietly said, "Um.  Hi?"

This was apparently what Iroha was waiting for, because she stood from her bow then and handed the marker to Mrs. Marish as if absolutely nothing had happened.

Mrs. Marish, whose face held an inscrutable expression, slowly took the marker.  "I see..." she said.  "Thank you, Iroha.  I was told a transfer would be in here today, and I was planning to introduce you later."  She corked the marker.  "However it seems you've taken care of that.  How efficient."  She gave Iroha a little push in the back.  "Go on, sit down.  It's about time we begun."

"Oh!"  Iroha stumbled forward. She looked up at the students sitting at all the desks.  Her eyes lit up as she spotted the only open desk in the room: the one in front of Ada.

Ada pointedly avoided eye contact as Iroha walked over and sat down, taking great care to smooth her skirt and hair before, whipping out a notebook and sitting at perfect attention, waiting patiently for Mrs. Marish to begin the lesson.  This was a wonderful specimen of the exact kind of girl Ada preferred to avoid.  She seemed fake, chauvinistic, and extremely vain.  A conversation with her would probably remove brain cells from Ada's brain.  She found herself unconsciously edging her desk away from the girl for the rest of the lesson.

Somewhat surprisingly, Iroha remained silent and respectful for the remainder of the period.  In fact, despite the unconventional opening, the entire class period went by without further incident.  Mrs. Marish was actually able to end her lesson plan early.

"I suppose that's it then," she said from the podium at the front.  "I've not got anything else for you today."  She closed the text book from which she had been reading and strode to her desk.  She sat down and started typing on the keyboard at her desk.  The class stared at her for a moment before she looked up.  She sighed.  "You may talk *quickly* amongst yourselves for a few minutes until the period ends.  Goodness knows I don't want you kids to get me in trouble again."

A small buzz immediately formed in the classroom.  Ada rolled her eyes as she closed her binder, and reached below her desk for her pencil box.  Pulling it up to her desk she immediately noticed Iroha standing uncomfortably close to the front of her desk.

"Hi there!" she said brightly.  "I’m Iroha.  I just wanted to introduce myself.  It’s so strange being in a new school."

Ada glared back at her hoping that she would take a hint and go away, but Iroha did not seem to notice.

"I mean, I’ve been to the States a few times before, and that was really fun.  I thought I knew what to expect and all that, but to actually be attending a class is so exciting!"

Ada increased the ferocity of her stare, but Iroha was either too clueless to notice it, or too excited to be bothered by it.  She bobbed up and down almost constantly, as if she could not possibly contain the pent up energy inside her.

"Uncle said it really isn’t that exciting, but he doesn’t know what he’s talking about!  Like, I can’t believe how much different that class period was from my classes back in Japan.  And everybody here is so nice, I just can’t believe it!  Everywhere I look I just can't stop thinking about all the new people I get to meet.  I mean, maybe we could become friends, you know?"

Ada's face went completely blank.  She resumed the act of packing up her things.  An  onslaught of words and emotions flew out of Iroha's mouth.  It was really quite excessive.  Her face and voice flitted between a vast spectrum of emotional movements and sounds: animated head bobs, cute pouts, wide eyes, knowing winks, wide grins:

"Are there any other transfer students?  I’m only here because of Uncle, of course, but I can’t tell if a lot of people come here."

"I’ve never been to Colorado before.  Do people visit often?  Are the mountains are just as beautiful in the winter?"

"I wasn't sure if these earings were okay.  Mom told me to wear them, but I didn't want to!"

"Im kind of nervous about math, I've never been that good at it."

With a furtive glance, Ada hefted her book bag, stood, and slowly backed away.  She got all the way to the door before Iroha noticed that she was blabbering to nobody in particular.  She blinked, looked around, and without batting an eye, effortlessly inserted herself into the conversation of the nearest group of students.



Ada closed the door of her locker a bit harder than she intended, and she felt the books inside tumble out of the stack in which she had just haphazardly placed them.  With an exasperated groan, she reopened the door and restacked them.  Thus far, the week had been... irritating.  She could not stop thinking about Proud, which prevented her from focusing on her school work, and she could not distract herself at home by watching GDL videos, or reading articles because Mother had taken all of that away as a punishment.  It had all put her in a foul temper.

“Um, excuse me?” A boy spoke behind Ada.  She turned around, and her mood must have shown on her face because he flinched back.  For propriety’s sake she smoothed her features.

“Yes?” she said cooly.

The boy, a rather tall specimen with a mouse-like face - and someone whom Ada thought might have sat next to her in the previous class - looked around nervously.  Students around them milled about the hallway during the between period of the two afternoon classes.  It was longer than normal, and provided a good time for the slacker students to sit around and do nothing.  “I...I think somebody was was asking for you in the Mrs. Corey’s classroom.”

Ada crossed her arms, looking up at him.  “Asking for me?  Who?”

“You should just go and see for yourself,” he said, not looking at her.  He looked suspiciously nervous.

“I see,” she said.  She turned and closed her locker.  “What is your name?”

The boy looked taken-aback.  “I’m Liam.”

“Liam,” Ada repeated.  “I will go to Mrs. Corey’s classroom, but if this is some kind of prank, I will come find you with some additional questions.”  Abruptly she picked up her book bag and her pencil box and strode passed him, down the hallway towards the stairs to the second floor.  Liam stared after her.

As she rounded the corner and entered the staircase, Conscience took stride beside Ada.  “What do you think this is about?”

“I do not know,” said Ada.  “But I suppose we will find out soon enough.”

“He makes me a bit anzy,” said Conscience, shivering.  “Whatever it is, can’t be too good.”

“Relax,” said Ada.  “I’m sure it is nothing important.  He did not look to have the intelligence to outwit me.”

“You know, somebody’s going to come along and put you in your place someday,” Conscience said.

“And I shall relish the day that comes,” Ada said.  “But until then, I must assume that everyone else here is an idiot.  Especially boys like him.”

Conscience chuckled, though certainly not in agreeance - more of a condescending laugh if anything.  Ada decided to ignore it-- for now.

At the top of the stairs, Ada took a left and headed down the senior hallway, towards Mrs. Corey’s classroom.  Unlike the hallway downstairs, which had been filled with idle freshmen, this one was almost completely vacant.  Two senior girls with black hair sat by their lockers, quickly finishing an assignment for their next class, and at the very end, a boy helped a teacher fill a cart of books from a stack near the wall.

When she arrived at her destination, Ada glanced through the window near the door and saw that the lights were off.  She frowned, glancing back at Conscience, who just shrugged.  Ada opened the door and went inside.

The room had one occupant: a boy, a sophomore perhaps, who sat by the window, looking out, foot twitching nervously.  Ada did not recognize him.  He seemed very well put-together, with hemmed pants and combed, blonde hair, though he did not notice her come in.   She had to walk close to his desk before he looked up.

“Ah!” he exclaimed, jumping in surprise.  “You’re here.”  Ada noticed that he was also rather tall, even taller than Liam.  She took a step back so she did not have to tilt her head as much just to look at him.  She folded her arms and waited for an explanation.

He held that same, odd nervousness that Liam had, glancing around before he spoke.  “I am… well this is kind of awkward,” he stammered.  He did not meet her eyes, as she spoke.  “I’m Aiden.”

“Okay...” Ada said slowly, eyes narrowing.

“I just wanted to…you see… I just had to ask you...” He shook his head.  “I’m really bad at this kind of thing.”  He took a deep breath, all while Ada stared incredulously at him.  “You see, homecoming is coming up, and… I was wonderingifyouwouldgooutwithme.”  The last of it came out as if it were one single word, and he breathed heavily for a moment after he spoke.

Ada just stared at him in silence.  A large well of adrenaline began creeping up from her stomach, but she shoved it back down in annoyance.  Beside Ada, Conscience suppressed a giggle.

Gathering her thoughts, Ada rubbed her temples.  “Let me get this straight,” she said.  “You wanted me in her just to ask me out to homecoming?”

Aiden nodded apologetically, bouncing on the balls of his feet, clearly anxious to see what her response would be.

“But we do not even know each other.  I only just learned your name.  What would possibly compel me to say ‘yes’ to that request?”

Aiden visibly deflated, a crestfallen look entering his face.  “Because,” he said desperately.  “I thought you were kind of cool.  All the freshmen talk about you, you know.  Most of them are actually kind of afraid of you," he looked askance at her.  "But I'm not!  You're smart and confident and...  You seem so much different from the other girls.  I wanted to get to know you.”  He gave his best smile, though it was not very good, and Ada saw through to his sheer nervousness.

She took a step back from him.  “I see.  Well, I am not interested in going to homecoming.  So the answer is ‘no’.”  She turned around and waved a dismissive hand.  “And please try to be more clever with your isolation tactics on another one of your targets.  This one was rather poorly thought out.”  She strode from the room.

Outside, Conscience burst into laughter.  “That was so cute,” she said, tears forming in her eyes.  “He was so nervous.  I can’t believe I was so suspicious before.  And I think you almost turned beet red.”  She broke into a fit of giggles.

Ada sighed, and began walking to her next class, which happened to be quite far from where she stood.  This whole excursion had been a waste of time, and she was more than a little annoyed.

“You know,” Conscience said, when she calmed down.  “I realize why you turned him down - because of the whole Proud thing and all--”  Ada tensed, but Conscience either did not notice or did not care and plowed on.  “--but he was very handsome.  Worth exploring, if you know what I mean.”

“I do not care,” Ada said stiffly.

Conscience tapped her temple.  “Don’t you think you’re being a bit… Silly?  I mean you can’t stay single forever.”

“No, I do not think I'm being silly,” Ada said, fists clenched.  “I have no time to waste on the neanderthals in this school.  Is that all you think about?  With whom I should ship myself?”

“At least you could have been less mean to him,” Conscience replied, flatly.  “He didn’t deserve that truck-like bluntness.”

“I was not mean,” Ada said, voice growing heated.  She rounded on Conscience.  “I simply told him the truth.  He had to trick me into an isolated room just to have the confidence to speak to me face to face.  And please do not remind me of Proud.  I have been spending all this time trying to calm myself about his situation.”

“Fine,” Conscience said.  “Whatever.  At least Aiden did that for you momentarily.  You were practically your normal self around him.”

Back at the stairs,  a small group of boys were lumbering down to the first floor.  Among them, easily spotted by his height, was Liam.  He was still nervous spotting her and glancing towards Mrs. Corey’s room.  Ada walked pointedly past him, head held high, staring intently forward.

She really hoped that, after this, he freshmen boys would all learn to not attempt such idiotic stunts.
