Imani stepped out of the taxi, a cool dusk air causing him to shiver as he looked towards the automatic doors of the hospital.  He did not want to be here and he did not need to be here, but he had been feeling very guilty for a while.  Imani knew that guilt made for an ill-conceived motivator, fickle and frowned upon, but it was a very good motivator nonetheless, and very likely the sole reason why he stood at the base of this hospital, three hours from his hotel, about to endure something rather uncomfortable.  At that moment, he found himself despicable.

Once inside with the heated air engulfing his face, Imani realized he had no idea where he needed to go.  The place was a vast conglomerate of buildings in which he could easily get lost.  He pulled out his wallet and extracted a note he had written for himself on a crumpled of piece of paper.  He walked into the reception hall and caught the attention of the lone attendant at the desk; a portly woman with frizzy hair and a slightly off-putting face.  Her beady eyes were glued to him as he strode across the hall and up to her desk.

"Excuse me," Imani said.  "Can you point me to where this ward is?"  He gave her the piece of paper.  She took it and looked at the number.

"Are you a family member?"

"Err... Yes." Imani lied.  He hadn't even considered that they would ask him that.

"About damn time somebody showed up," she said.  "This ward is on the twelfth floor, only accessible to visitors by elevator.   All family members should have the pass code to use it.  You have that, right?"

"Right," Imani said.  He didn't have a pass code, but he would cross that bridge when he came to it.

"Just use the signs once you get up there and they'll tell you where the proper room is."  She handed back the paper, looking him up and down skeptically.  He shifted under her gaze as he took it, but without further words, he strode down the hallway toward the elevator.

The elevator atrium was out of sight of the reception desk, thank goodness, so Imani did not look too suspicious when he got there and closely inspected the key pad.  He was most definitely not going to be able to guess the correct code, and if he put in a code wrongly too many times, he suspected that security would come to take him away fairly quickly.  The only thing left to do was wait.

Although, he did not wait long, only a few minutes, before the elevator opened and an elderly couple walked out of it, woman helping man move his walker across the gap between the elevator floor and the tiling.  Imani smiled at them as they passed, then slipped into the elevator before the doors closed, and pressed floor twelve.  As it slowly rose, Imani wondered why the hospital even bothered with such a trivial and inconvenient security system.

The signs on the twelfth floor were extremely confusing, not in any way as simple as the receptionist had insinuated.  It took him over fifteen minutes just to figure out how the floor was laid out, retracing his steps several times, before he finally reached the room he was looking for.  The blinds had been drawn closed on the window looking into it.  He stopped outside the door of the ward and pulled out a news article that he had printed, folded up, and put in his pocket earlier that day.  It was crumpled but still legible.  He took a deep breath.

"Excuse me," said a man.  Imani turned to see a nurse; a few years older than Imani, with grey-tinged hair and black glasses.  He had a slight eastern-European accent.   "You wouldn’t happen to a visitor for the young man in that ward, would you?"

"I am," Imani said, hesitantly.

The nurse approached and put an arm around Imani’s shoulder, directing him away from the door.  "Are you his family?"

"Uh…"

"I didn’t think so.  You look nothing like him."  The nurse led Imani away, and out into a deserted hallway.  "I’m not sure if you know this, but he has been visited by several people today already."

Imani nodded.  Of course.  GDL officials would have wanted to interview him the moment he became available.  Not to mention his team would also certainly want to see him.  And his family… though they should already have been here.

"No, no, no I don’t think you quite understand," the nurse said.  "They were not people he was glad to see.  They all left quickly; unhappy with him."

"Is that so?"

The man looked at him intently.  "He is… different from most in his position.  Remarkably calm.  I must admit, he makes me uneasy.  He is not acting natural."

Frowning, Imani looked past the nurse to the ward.  "What do you mean?"

The nurse shook his head in frustration.  "Just be careful.  Something keeps him calm.  I should think you would not be the one that removes that something."  He patted Imani on the back.  "Okay.  You go inside now."  He pushed Imani towards the ward.

Imani stumbled, looking back at the nurse who held his hands out, shooing him forward.  An odd fellow.  But, truth be told, this was an odd situation.  One which was not going to be pleasant.  Without further recourse, he knocked on the door to the ward and entered.

Inside was only one person. Laurel Gawin faced the large window, towards a sunset just beginning to occur over the mountains.  He was almost too big for the hospital bed.  It sagged noticeably in the middle, and his knees were bent to keep his feet on beneath the sheets.  Two IV's punctured his well-muscled arms, and an ECG loomed above him.  A bandage covered most of his face.
