Jesse leaned on a locker, skirting the edges of a conversation with a group of senior girls with whom Jesse typically tried to avoid speaking.  There were three of them in total: Millie, Eirika, and Eva.  A terrible trio ever since their first day of high school.  They were the popular type, keen on fashion, nosey, and quick to judge.  Though Jesse did not think any of them were really bad people, she often found herself in uncomfortable situations around them, ones that were perfectly avoidable had she been on her own.  Unfortunately for Jesse, Millie had spotted her attempting to stroll by their little gathering, and pulled her directly into their gossip.

"Jesse!  You have to hear this!"

Millie spoke animatedly: apparently, Carpenter had asked Eva out to homecoming, and she thought that meant Sean was going to ask her out as well.  While she prattled on about why she thought this and what it meant for other girls, Jesse tilted her head to the side, ever so slightly, to look at her locker and see if Skye had left yet.  Unfortunately, she had not.

On the floor at Jesse’s locker, still there after fifteen minutes, Skye sat with Blake, one of her rather… undesirable friends.  Blake was just kind of gross.  Her hair was greasy, her nails dirty, and Jesse suspected that she did not shower often.  Whenever possible she avoided speaking with the girl.  From what Jesse could tell, these two degenerates were frantically trying to finish an overdue assignment.  Apparently, the teacher had given them some leeway on the time.   It also seemed like this assignment was rather important to their grade.  They both looked stressed, and kept writing and erasing as they argued with each other.  Jesse could not make out what they were saying, but it appeared, to Jesse’s dismay, that they would not be leaving anytime soon.

"I would be ready if I were you," Millie said, big blue eyes locked firmly on Jesse's.

Jesse blinked.  "Me?  Why?"

"I’m almost certain Logan is going to ask you out.  Probably today if you stick around long enough."

"Oh," said Jesse, flatly.  "Great."

"Are you serious?" Eirika said.  "He’s totally your type.  He’s gorgeous, and he plays soccer.  You ran track last year, right?  All the soccer players run track in the off season.  You should know him already."  Well of course Eirika liked him, it seemed she specifically went out of her way to only flirt with the boys in team sports.  Although she had a soft spot for musicians.  And if they ever combined...

"It’s a perfect pairing," said Eva, nodding and pushing her bright bangs from her face.  Eva had always preferred her hair dyed any other color than her natural blonde, and this year had settled on a vibrant shade of red.

"Eh," Jesse muttered. "I’m not really interested."  Jesse had indeed run track, but so did a whole lot of other people.  She had never really spoken to Logan.  He hung around the football players too much.  Another undesirable group.  She nodded to Eirika.  "But I’ll be sure to send him your way."

Eirika went red, almost more so than Eva's hair.  "Well… that doesn’t mean I want him," she stammered, hiding her face behind a set of newly-manicured hands.  Pink and red nail polish emblazoned her fingernails, her usual effervescent color palette.  "Me and Ethan are kind of a thing now… and I wouldn’t want… that would be…"

"How come you never go out with anybody?" Millie asked, stepping forward and playfully grabbing a lock of Jesse’s blond hair.  "You’re very pretty.  Even with your prude outfit."  She sniffed at Jesse’s plain blue hoodie and pants.  "Most guys would drop in a heartbeat if you expressed some desires.  There’s got to be somebody you’re interested in?"  She had a sharp face with fierce eyebrows and high cheekbones, accentuated by the dangling baubles for earrings she always wore.  Jesse had always disliked them, but Millie never wanted to hear how gaudy they looked on a seventeen-year-old.  She got the sentiment from her mother, of course, whose husband owned the penthouse atop the third tallest tower in Denver.  Right beside that awful monstrosity that housed Tyzon.

Jesse smiled at her, hoping the expression conveyed some gratitude, rather than the irritation she felt.  "Thanks.  I just don’t feel I’m ready for a relationship.  That’s all."  She gently pushed away Millie’s grasp.

"That’s nonsense," Eva said, waving her hand in front of her face.  "Millie’s right, you know.  Anybody would date you."  Abruptly an idea seem to seize her.  Her eyes widened, and she nodded emphatically to herself.  She turned around, facing a group of guys who happened to be kicking their heels nearby.  Ever so casually, she grabbed the elbow of a particular one, wrapping an arm around his waist, and urging him to come along with her.  Without any recourse, the boy allowed himself to be all but dragged across the hall.  "Jonathan, this is Jesse," Eva said as she ushered him beside her.  "Double J's, what do you know about that?"

"It's probably fate," Eirika said with a coy smile.

"I just wanted to introduce you to her," Eva continued, shoving Johnathan towards Jesse.  He stumbled and barely kept himself from tumbling into her.  Jesse knew him.  Well, sort of. She knew of him.

Jonathan Christoff.  He and Marissa Faulk - the principal's daughter - sometimes helped serve the lunch line during cold days where it was more crowded than usual.  Jesse suspected that he was made to do it. He never looked too pleased at his station, often shooting furtive glances at his mother, who tended the lunch line on a daily basis.  Jesse had never spoken to him directly though.  He was tall, dark-skinned, and perhaps, if she had to admit it, fairly handsome.

"Hello?" he said, very confused.  He gave skittish glances at each of the girls in the group before his eyes settled on Jesse's.  "Nice to meet you?"  Any boy caught in this situation ought to be nervous, and Jonathan looked ready to bolt at a moment's notice.

Millie, clearly of a mind with Eva, stepped up beside him.  "Jonathan can I ask you a personal question?"  She grasped his arm in hers stepping close enough to him to press against his arm.  He flinched away from her, but could not get away from her firm grasp.

"Uh, sure?"

"Would you consider going on a date with this fine specimen you have standing in front of you?"  Millie indicated Jesse with a very exaggerated flourish.

Jesse’s cheeks flushed, but she forced herself to remain calm.  Not this again.  When were they going to learn she didn't want this.  Any of it!  She crossed her arms and shot a dangerous look at Eva and Millie, both of whom pointedly ignored her.  Eirika even giggled.

"Uh…" Jonathan too had some red in his face.  He glanced at Jesse for a brief moment before awkwardly averting his eyes.  "I’m not sure what… I mean are you really asking… are you serious?"

"He’s a dense one," Eva said to Millie, who nodded in agreement, earrings fluttering animatedly.

"Answer the question Jonathan," Millie said.  "She’s very beautiful, isn’t she?"

"Well…" Jonathan was getting increasingly uncomfortable as he looked anywhere in the hallway except at Jesse.  "Well yeah.  She’s… pretty."

Certainly this whole thing was odd, but since Jesse had known them, these seniors had been trying to set her up with some guy or another.  As to why, she had not a single clue.  Usually, though, they were more subtle about it.

There was nothing else for it.  She could only fight fire with fire in a situation like this.

Standing up straight and tilting her chin up gaudily, Jesse stepped up to Jonathan.  He shrunk back ever so slightly at her proximity, but stayed where he was, fists clenched, very clearly wishing to be anywhere but where he stood.  Jesse made a great showing of examining him, tilting her head to the side, pondering with her hand on her chin, eyes moving up and down his face and chest.  "Hmm."  She stepped back.  "Jonathan."  She said his name flatly, with hands on hips.

He looked at her then, nervous eyes locking with hers.  "Yeah?"

"You’re rather attractive yourself," she said matter-of-factly.  "However - don’t take this the wrong way - but I don’t believe that we’d really be all that compatible."  She patted him on the chest and gave a wry smile.  Behind him, Eva rolled her eyes, and Millie threw up her hands.  Eirika was mortified.

"Fine," Eva said.  In a flurry of red hair, she spun, grabbed Jonathan’s shirt, and all but tossed him back into the hallway.  He stumbled for a few steps and looked at them indignantly, but decided against saying anything.  Brushing his pants, he muttered to himself.

"You had your chance to impress her, and you blew it, buddy," Eva said, cocking an eyebrow.

Millie glared at the poor boy as if he were a small child who had misbehaved in front of her sisters.

Jonathan stared dumbly at them for a moment, then backed away.  Eventually he shrugged, before turning back to his original group.  He glanced over his shoulder one last time at Jesse who, very intentionally, did not meet his eyes.  The last thing she wanted was for him to think she was actually interested in him. Although such a relationship might not be so bad.  After all he seemed nice enough, and…

Furiously she shook her head.  What in the world was she thinking!

She rounded on the pair of seniors.  "Well, as pleasant as that encounter was, I have something else to do, so I’ll catch you three later."  She took a step away, not particularly keen on spending any more time around these troublemakers.

"We’ll get you eventually," Millie said, though she smiled endearingly at Jesse.

"Hey, wait," Eva said, catching Jesse’s arm.  She gave Jesse a significant look, sharp eyebrows serious, green eyes intense.  "I was just wondering… could you come by my house this afternoon?  A few of the sophomores will be absent for the album decorating for Homecoming and we could really really use your help."

Jesse gave her a pained look.  Eva had been in student council for each year of her high school career, and for as long as she had been there, Jesse had eagerly volunteered whenever Eva needed her, which had been quite often.  She loved to work with student council because they drove events that affected the entire school.  She got to meet new people, speak with old ones she had neglected, and always had a good time.

This year she did not have that luxury.

She smoothed her face, and in a somber tone said, "I'm sorry.  I can't," and turned away.   The perplexed and disappointed look on Eva's face was almost too much to handle, and she left before she said anything farther.

At the foot of the main staircase near the mid-building exit, Jesse paused, grimacing.  She hated doing that.  So many people had asked her for help, had been relying on her to be there for them.  Like Eva, she had to blow off all of them.

Abruptly realizing that she had not thought of where she was going, Jesse pursed her lips in thought.  She needed a distraction, something that would take up some time.  Normally she would find a quiet place to sketch, but her sketchpad lay in her locker, beyond the barrier that was Skye and Blake.  She racked her brains for an alternative.  What sports were happening right now? Soccer... Softball... Basketball.  Ah yes… She had completely forgotten.  Basketball tryouts had started.  Of course, she could go watch Vivi!  That sounded much better.

After a minute or so, Jesse reached the atrium and began to ascend the steps to the second floor.

"Oh, hey Jesse," called a student from the top.  "What are you still doing here?"  It was Edward Collins.  The sophomore stood waving at her.

"Hey," Jesse replied, hurrying up the steps towards him.  She got to the top, slightly out of breath, and surveyed his appearance.   Edward wore a suit and tie.  His black shoes were cleanly polished, and his dark hair had been combed into an elegant part.   "You certainly look handsome."

Edward grinned.  "You think so?"  He spun in a slow circle.  "I’ve got a presentation in fifteen minutes.  First one of the day."  He exuded a quiet confidence.  When had he developed that?  She recalled a meek boy, soft-spoken and hesitant, only in the telecom club because his parents wished for him to develop public-speaking skills.

"Impressive," said Jesse, eyebrows raised.  Edward seemed like an entirely different person now.  She stepped up to him and adjusted his tie and smoothed his collar.  He drew back at her approach, but otherwise let her fiddle with his attire.

"Any chance you could come watch?" he asked.  "I could use some support.  I’ve been anxious about it all day."

"You don't sound anxious," she said wryly.  "I don’t know how much I could do for you,"  She backed away from him.  "You seem like you’re pretty set.  And I’ve seen you give presentations before.  You’ll knock it out of the park."

He smiled sadly at her.  "I am… prepared." he said slowly.  "But it has been hard since you left the club."

"Hopefully not too hard?"

He shook his head.  "No, not too hard.   But… when you are around you inspired everyone.  It was almost like…"

Jesse put a finger on his lips.

"Now’s not the time to get all sappy," she said, locking eyes with his.  "But it seems like I left the club in good hands."  She pointed towards the gym on the landing across from where they stood.  "I’m going to watch the basketball tryouts.  Good luck."  She spun and walked away.  He did not call after her.