Jesse leaned on a cold locker, hands folded behind her back, listening only somewhat attentively to the group of senior girls who stood chatting around her.  There were three of them in total: Millie, Eirika, and Eva.  A terrible trio ever since their first day of high school.  They were the popular glitzy type: vain, keen on fashion, nosey, and quick to judge; though Jesse did not think any of them were really bad people.  They simply acted their age. 

"Hey!  Are you listening?"  Millie waved her hand in front of Jesse's face.  "This is no time to daydream!"

Jesse blinked.  "Uh... yeah.  You were talking about Homecoming or something."

"This is serious!"  Millie said, exasperated.  She blew one of her bangs from her eyes.  "Anyway..."  Millie continued animatedly, and Jesse sort of half-listened.  Apparently, Carpenter had asked Eva out to homecoming, and she thought that meant Sean was going to ask her out as well.  While she prattled on about why she thought this and what it meant for other girls, Jesse tilted her head to the side to look at her locker and see if Skye had left yet.  Unfortunately, she had not. 

On the floor at Jesse’s locker, still there after fifteen minutes, Skye sat with Blake, one of her rather… undesirable friends.  Blake was just kind of gross.  Her hair was greasy, her nails dirty, and from the smell in her general area, Jesse suspected that she did not shower often.  Whenever possible she avoided speaking with the girl.  From what Jesse could tell, these two degenerates were frantically trying to finish an overdue assignment.  Apparently, the teacher had given them some leeway on the time.   It also seemed like this assignment was rather important to their grade.  They both looked stressed, and kept writing and erasing as they argued with each other.  Jesse could not make out what they were saying, but it appeared, to Jesse’s dismay, that they would not be leaving anytime soon.

"I would be ready if I were you," Millie said.  Jesse snapped her head back to look into Millie's blue eyes.

Jesse blinked.  "Me?  Why?"

"I’m almost certain Logan is going to ask you out.  Probably today if you stick around long enough."  She seemed so intent, so serious, that Jesse almost blushed.  But no, this was just Millie.  Everything was very serious to her.  Well about boys anyway.  

"Oh," said Jesse, flatly.  "Great."  They did this sometimes.  Trying to set her up.  It was a nasty habit of theirs.

"It’s a perfect pairing," said Eva, nodding and pushing a brightly-colored strand of hair from her face.  Eva had always preferred her hair dyed any other color than her natural blonde, and this year had settled on a vibrant shade of red.

"I’m not really interested."  She had never really spoken to Logan.  He hung around the football players too much.  An undesirable group.  She nodded to Eirika.  "You like the athletes, right?  If he asks me out I’ll be sure to send him your way."

Eirika went red, almost more so than Eva's hair.  "Well… that doesn’t mean I want him," she stammered, hiding her face behind a set of newly-manicured hands.  Pink and red nail polish emblazoned her fingernails, a usual medium for her liking of an effervescent color palette.  "Me and Ethan are kind of a thing now… and I wouldn’t want… that would be…"

"How come you never go out with anybody?" Millie asked, stepping forward and playfully grabbing a lock of Jesse’s blond hair.  "You’re very pretty.  Even with your prude outfit."  She sniffed at Jesse’s plain blue hoodie and pants.  "Most guys would drop in a heartbeat if you expressed some desires.  There’s got to be somebody you’re interested in?"

Millie had a sharp face with fierce eyebrows and high cheekbones, accentuated by the dangling baubles for earrings she always wore.  Jesse had always disliked them, but Millie never wanted to hear how gaudy they looked on a seventeen-year-old.  Millie took after her mother, a fashion designer and former-model whose husband owned the penthouse atop the third tallest tower in Denver.  Right beside that awful monstrosity of a tower that housed Tyzon.

Jesse smiled, hoping the expression conveyed some appreciation for the compliment, but really she just felt irritated.  They acted like there was something wrong with Jesse.  Like she was somebody to pity.  "Thanks.  I just don’t feel I’m ready for a relationship.  That’s all."  She gently pushed away Millie’s grasp.

"That’s nonsense," Eva said, waving her hand dismissively.  "Millie’s right, you know.  Anybody would date you."  Abruptly an idea seem to seize her.  Her eyes widened, and she nodded emphatically to herself.  She turned around, facing a group of guys who happened to be kicking their heels nearby.  Ever so casually, she grabbed the elbow of a particular one, wrapping an arm around his waist, and urging him to come along with her.  Without any recourse, the boy allowed himself to be all but dragged across the hall.  

"Johnathan, this is Jesse," Eva said as she ushered him beside her.  "Double J's, what do you know about that?"

"It's probably fate," Eirika said with a coy smile.

"I just wanted to introduce you to her," Eva continued, shoving Johnathan towards Jesse.  He stumbled and barely kept himself from tumbling into her.  Jesse knew him.  Well, sort of.  She knew of him, at least.

Johnathan Christoff.  He and Marissa Faulk - the Principal's daughter - sometimes helped serve the lunch line during cold days where it was more crowded than usual.  Jesse suspected that he was made to do it.  He never looked too pleased at his station, often shooting furtive glances at his mother, who tended the lunch line on a daily basis.  Jesse had never spoken to him directly though.  Johnathan was tall, dark-skinned, and perhaps, if she had to admit it, fairly handsome.

"Hello?" he said, very confused.  He gave skittish glances at each of the girls in the group before his eyes settled on Jesse's.  "Nice to meet you?"  Any boy caught in this situation ought to be nervous, and Johnathan looked ready to bolt at a moment's notice.

Millie, clearly of a mind with Eva, stepped up beside him.  "Johnathan can I ask you a personal question?"  She grasped his arm in hers stepping close enough to him to press against his arm.  He flinched away from her, but could not get away from her firm grasp.

"Uh, sure?"

"Would you consider going on a date with this fine specimen you have standing in front of you?"  Millie indicated Jesse with a very exaggerated flourish.

Jesse’s cheeks flushed, but with a breath she forced herself to remain calm.  Not this again.  When were they going to learn she didn't want this?  Any of it!  She crossed her arms and shot a dangerous look at Eva and Millie, both of whom pointedly ignored her.  Eirika even giggled.

"Uh…" Johnathan too had some red in his face.  He glanced at Jesse for a brief moment before awkwardly averting his eyes.  "I’m not sure what… I mean are you really asking… are you serious?"

"He’s a dense one," Eva said to Millie, who nodded in agreement, earrings fluttering animatedly.

"Answer the question Johnathan," Millie said.  "She’s very beautiful, isn’t she?"

"Well…" Johnathan was getting increasingly uncomfortable as he looked anywhere in the hallway except at Jesse.  "Well yeah.  She’s… pretty."

Certainly this whole thing was odd, but since Jesse had known them, these seniors had been trying to set her up with some guy or another.  As to why, she had not a single clue.  Usually, though, they were more subtle about it.  She suppressed a sigh.  There was nothing else for it.  She could only fight fire with fire in a situation like this.

Standing up straight and tilting her chin up gaudily, Jesse stepped up to Johnathan.  He shrunk back ever so slightly at her proximity, but stayed where he was, fists clenched, very clearly wishing to be anywhere but where he stood.  Jesse made a great showing of examining him, tilting her head to the side, pondering with her hand on her chin, eyes moving up and down his face and torso.  She poked him firmly in the chest.  "Hmm."  She stepped back.  "Johnathan."  She said his name flatly, with hands on hips.

He looked at her then, nervous eyes locking with hers.  "Yeah?"

"You’re rather attractive yourself," she said matter-of-factly.  "However - don’t take this the wrong way - but I don’t believe that we’d really be all that compatible."  She patted him chest where she had poked him and gave a wry smile.  Behind him, Eva rolled her eyes, and Millie threw up her hands.  Eirika was mortified.

"Fine," Eva said.  In a flurry of red hair, she spun, grabbed Johnathan’s shirt, and all but tossed him back into the hallway.  He stumbled for a few steps and looked at them indignantly, but decided against saying anything.  Brushing his pants, he muttered to himself.

"You had your chance to impress her, and you blew it, buddy," Eva said, cocking an eyebrow.

Millie glared at the poor boy as if he were a small child who had misbehaved in front of her sisters.

Johnathan stared dumbly at them for a moment, then backed away.  Eventually he shrugged, before turning back to his original group.  He glanced over his shoulder one last time at Jesse who, very intentionally, did not meet his eyes.  The last thing she wanted was for him to think she was actually interested in him. Although such a relationship might not be so bad.  After all he seemed nice enough, and…

Furiously she shook her head.  What in the world was she thinking!

She rounded on the pair of seniors.  "Well, as pleasant as that encounter was, I have something else to do, so I’ll catch you three later."  She took a step away. These girls were a convenient distraction, but sometimes more trouble than they were worth.  She would just have to find some other place to kibitz until Skye left.

"We’ll get you eventually," Millie said, though she smiled endearingly at Jesse.

"Hey, wait," Eva said, catching Jesse’s arm.  She gave Jesse a significant look, sharp eyebrows serious, green eyes intense.  "I was just wondering… could you come by my house this afternoon?  A few of the sophomores will be absent for the album decorating for Homecoming and we could really really use your help."

Jesse gave her a pained look.  Eva had been in student council for each year of her high school career, and for as long as she had been there, Jesse had eagerly volunteered whenever Eva needed her, which had been quite often.  Jesse had loved to work with student council because they drove events that affected the entire school.  She had gotten to meet new people, to speak with old ones she had neglected, and had always had a good time.

This year she did not have that luxury.

She smoothed her face, and in a somber tone said, "I'm sorry.  I can't." The perplexed and disappointed look on Eva's face was almost too much to handle, and Jesse left before she said anything farther.  It was exactly the kind of thing Jesse wanted to avoid: letting people down.