Ada tightly gripped the door handle of the advanced chemistry lab.  She stood, gathering her thoughts, staring at the bleak, purple texture of the door.

"You know," Conscience whispered.  "You’ve been there for an awkwardly long time.  Are you going to go in or what?"

"Yes!" Ada whispered harshly.  "I just need to approach this carefully."

It was Wednesday, fifteen minutes past the final bell.  Students passed by in the hallway behind her, paying little heed to Ada as they talked excitedly amongst themselves about their plans for the evening.  A bright sun shone through the skylight, casting shadows of the second-story banister onto the carpeted floor below.

"Just go in and tell them what you want!  And maybe be a little nice about it, for once."  Conscience twirled a pencil, a bored look on her face, as she leaned casually on the concrete wall beside the door.

"I do not need to be nice, I need to be tactful."

"They are the same thing, silly."

Beyond this door lay her golden opportunity.  Members of the GDL club of Erran Valley met in this classroom.  Today she intended to join them.  Today she intended to enter a Capsule.  She simply needed to go inside and tell them her intentions.  It should be an easy task.  But she should think about what to say first, just in case they required some convincing...

Conscience made a vexed sound.  "You're stalling.  I’m just saying, it might help to take the kind approach, rather than your normal… sociopathic one."

Sociopathic?  Sometimes Conscience took her jabs too far!  They would need to have a talk after this.  But Conscience was right.  She was stalling.  She had been stalling this whole time! 

She gritted her teeth, spun the handle, and pushed open the door. With perhaps a bit too much force.  It banged alarmingly against the wall, almost rebounding back into Ada's face.  She found herself standing at the threshold of the chemistry room, which was empty save for five boys who milled about the teacher's desk.  They whipped their heads around.  For a moment she stood there surprised at her own strength, but she quickly regained her composure.  She entered the room as if nothing strange had happened, closing the door calmly behind her and approaching the group.

Ada noted from their uniforms that these boys held rank over her: some sophomores, a junior, and a few of seniors.  Their appearances were all markedly different, some tall, some not so much, one muscled, one portly.  She selected a tall one-- a nice-enough looking boy with very short brown hair and a rather tan face. He was taller than most of the others, his back straightened to make the most of it.  Not to mention the best posture of the lot.  She strode up to him, planting her feet and wrists on hips.

"I would like to join your club," Ada said firmly, staring determinedly up at him.

The boy had nearly a head and a half on Ada.  Still, she stood her ground, refusing to break eye contact.  It always irked her that she had to look up to do that.

"Um hello," he said awkwardly. He took a small step back.  "You… uh… you want to join us?"

Ada just stared at him.  She should not have to repeat herself.

"You do," he repeated, quietly.  Then a smile dawned on his face as he seemed to finally process her words.  "That’s great!"  He said.  He looked back excitedly at his compatriots.  They did not share his enthusiasm: a few of them frowned in confusion, and one boy just stared grumpily at her.   "We don’t get many--" He turned back and gestured meekly to her.  "Well, many girls actually.  Or freshman.  You are a freshman right?"  He spoke quickly, words tumbling over themselves, and Ada strained to understand a word of what he said.

"I have heard," she said, running a cool eye over the rest of the boys, "that you attend an arena on Wednesdays."  Ada looked back up into his face, staring intently at his blue eyes.  "And today is Wednesday."

"We do…" he said, slowly.  "We were actually just about to leave."

Ada mustered up all the authority and confidence that she possessed.  This was what she truly wanted.  So why was this so difficult for her to say?  "I would like to accompany you and enter a Capsule."  She nearly winced. The words came out much like his had: too fast, strung together as one long utterance of gibberish.  She had thought she held better control of herself than that!  Behind her, Conscience gave an insufferable giggle.

"You want to come with us?" he repeated.  "Yes… Yes!"  He suddenly grabbed her shoulders, babbling excitedly.  "Yes! Please!  That would be great!  So you play GDL?  Actually, wait.  I don’t even know your name.  I’m Jonathan."  He realized that he was somewhat manhandling her and abruptly let go, wincing as if he had just touched hot lava.  "Umm… sorry."

Ada smoothed her skirts and paused pointedly.  "You may call me Ada," she said. She surveyed the rest of the boys and gave an expectant stare.  One by one they gave their names.  This was just a simple process for her though.  She did not really care to remember any of them.  Except for one.  The last boy gave his name as Lachlan.  He stared at her sullenly, face gaunt and pale beneath a mop of greasy, black hair.  She glared back at him, but he did not drop his gaze: a defiant type, she supposed.

"Ada," Jonathan said.  She broke her stare from Lachlan and looked up at him.  "We’d love to have you, but before you can enter a Capsule, there's some stuff you have to sign first."  He held a finger up and strode around the teachers desk, opening a drawer, and pulling out a stapled bunch of papers.  "Liability and all that.  But a parent has to sign it since you're a minor."  He shrugged apologetically.  "You can still come with us today to check it out though!"

Lifting her backpack from her shoulders, Ada reached inside and produced an identical form, each page initialed and signed by one "Mira Eldridge."  She had long practiced the forging of Mother's flowery script.  Out of necessity of course. 

Jonathan blinked and grinned.  "Wow.  You came prepared, didn't you?"

Ada handed him the paper and swung her backpack over her shoulders.  Conscience shot her a confused look, glancing from the paper to Ada.  She shrugged back at her.  It was simply better not to tell her about some things.   It was certainly not worth listening to the incessant badgering about the ethics of this little stunt that Conscience would surely have proliferated.

All faces turned to Lachlan as he suddenly spoke.  "Alight," he began.  His voice was deep and full of scorn.  "I’ll be the one to ask it."  He glanced at the boy next to him then at her.  "Why do you want to join, Ada?"

She considered him, smoothing her face and suppressing a pang of irritation.  Anger would not help this situation.  "Because I enjoy GDL," she said cooly.  "Do I need a better reason?"

Lachlan tilted his head to the side, lifting a bushy eyebrow.  "You’re awfully defensive."  Ada did not back down, refusing to even blink.  He raised his hands.  "I’m just curious what you’re expecting.  We’re a serious club.  We have a full team.  We want to get into the state level of competition."  He gestured to the rest of the boys.  "Do you want a spot?  Do you want to replace one of us?"  His expression showed just how unlikely he assumed that was to happen.

"I simply wish to play," Ada said calmly.  "If I am better than you, then perhaps I will take your spot."

Lachlan snickered, and he was joined by a few others.

Ada turned to Jonathan, who was just staring at her dumbly.  "Are we going to leave, or not?"

"Yes…" he said, slowly smiling at her.  "We are."  He looked at the corner of the room, where a bunch of the chemical lockers stood.  "It’s okay if we take her along, right Mr. Carlisle?"

Ada frowned.  She had not noticed anybody else here, but sure enough an older man rose from the floor where he had been laying prone.  He grunted, holding his lumbar as he first came up on one knee, then to both, then to his feet.  "Had better days," grunted Mr. Carlisle, the chemistry teacher.  His movement had caused the normally tucked-in blue polo shirt to pull from his belt, embellishing his large gut.  He turned to Jonathan, then glanced at Ada.  "New member?  Yeah sure.  No problem.  I got room."  He bustled over to his desk in the opposite corner, using chairs and tables to assist in his gait.  Opening the top drawer with a sniff, he grabbed his keys.  "Let’s go?" he said, raising an eyebrow.

Mr. Carlisle lead them through the atrium, towards the first lot where the teachers parked.  Ada had to shield her eyes from the bright sun above them.  They all carried their backpacks and sweatshirts, passing by the few remaining loitering students in the courtyard, some of whom watched the procession curiously.  For the most part, Ada ignored these onlookers, preferring to focus on the thoughts in her mind, which, at the moment, were a disorganized mass of anticipation and excitement which she was constantly struggling to suppress -- plus no small amount of distaste at the rudeness of these boys.  This was why she generally avoided upper-classmen.  They were an insufferable lot, even on good days.   But If she was to be successful in this endeavor, she would need to endure them.  She kept a tight rein on her temper.

Down the concrete steps of the front entrance courtyard and into the faculty parking lot, Mr. Carlisle led the group to a large, gray SUV.  He slapped the roof of the car on his way over to the driver’s side.  "We’ll need two in the back of this baby to accommodate everybody," he said, a tinge of his southern drawl seeping into his tone.  The boys looked at each other, then to Ada who was at least a head shorter than all of them.

"I’ll do it!" said Jonathan, brightly.  "You want to come in the back with me, Ada?"  He still spoke fast and nervously, but the eagerness in his tone gave Ada pause.  He simply sounded so ernest.  She decided that she did not like that sort of attitude.  It was much too forward.  She preferred more subtle approaches.

She glanced towards the back seat of the SUV and pursed her lips. With Jonathan's height she doubted it would be very comfortable for him to sit in the back seat.  But that did not really matter to her, did it?  "I suppose," she said with a small shrug.

As the boys began stuffing their bags into the car, Ada looked around and spotted Conscience standing a bit further back.  A worried frown encapsulated her face as she looked at the car.  Ada walked up to her, but before she could ask what was wrong, Conscience spoke.

"I don’t think I’m going to fit in there," she said.  Her normally playful tone had been replaced by one with distinct anxiety.  Ada tilted her head to the side.  She had never heard such a tinge to her voice before.

"Of course you will," Ada whispered.  "Just sit next to me."

"No," Conscience said.  She was now staring at Mr. Carlisle.  "I don't think I will."  The crease marks on her forehead grew longer as her frown deepened.

"What's the matter?" Ada said, perplexed. She glanced at the chemistry teacher.  "Is there a problem?" Conscience never acted like this.  Often it was all Ada could do to keep her from tagging along everywhere.

Finally Conscience sighed and looked at Ada.  "No.  There is no problem.  But I'm not going.  Go without me, if you must.  But be careful."  She gave her a meaningful glance.

Ada just stared back at her, dumbfounded.

"Ada!  You coming?"  Jonathan called, holding open the back hatch.

Ada jumped.  "Fine," she whispered.  "I’ll meet you at home."

She turned and strode up to Jonathan, slipping the backpack from her shoulder and rotating around to hold it in front of her as she climbed into the back seat, settling down so that it rested neatly on her lap.  Jonathan bonked into the ceiling as he clambored in behind her.  He winced and awkwardly contorted himself into a sitting position.  His boney knees dug deeply into the seat in front of him, and he was forced to sit with a slouch, lest his neck remain bent at an awkward angle due to his head's proximity with the roof of the car.  Ada watched him in silence as he grimaced and struggled to pull the seat belt across his chest.  Such a foolish boy.  He deserved discomfort for even considering sitting back here.  He saw her frowning at him and gave a rueful grin.  She turned away abruptly.  Well, he was no concern of her anyway.

Mr. Carlisle started the car and classic rock began to blare through the speakers in the back.  
"So," Jonathan said, turning to her excitedly as the car started.  "You know GDL?"  

Ada sighed, her hopes of riding in pleasant silence having been dashed.  "Yes," she replied.  "It has been of interest to me."

Jonathan looked down.  "Do you watch the pro circuit?"

"Yes," Ada said, stiffly.

"Then did you hear about that accident that happened last week?"

Her grip tensed around her backpack.  "Of course."

"A bad situation for sure."  He quickly shot a glance at her.  "But I guess they’ll figure it all out eventually."

"Maybe."

An awkwardness settled between them.   "So…" he said, slowly.  "What position do you play?"

She tilted her head to the side, raising a hand to her chin thoughtfully.  Well… she had not really considered hat.  Proud played Scout, of course, but did she possess the skill it required to play that position?  Of course not.  This would be her first time in a capsule, after all.  So then, a suitable choice… "I am Flex," she replied.  She nodded in satisfaction.  Best to keep her options open.

"Flex," Jonathan whispered.  "That’s Lachlan’s position."  He laughed softly.  "He’s not going to like that."

Ada had no response.  She did not really care about the likes of Lachlan, though perhaps in regards to this club his opinion mattered more than she had weighed it thus far.  She began to think about ways to manipulate him into acknowledging her, and a frown of distaste formed on her mouth as she thought of no good ones beside beating him on the head with one of her binders.

"We’ve known each other for a while," Jonathan admitted, noting her expression.  "We’re all pretty close friends.  Don’t let him get to you, though.  He’s just protective of the club.  He was the one that originally brought us together.  I’m sure we can find a way to let you play if you wanted."

Ada did not respond, and Jonathan dropped the subject.  He grimaced and looked out the window.

After a few more minutes without further conversation, Mr. Carlisle turned sharply, pulling the SUV into a cramped parking lot, causing Ada’s shoulder to squish into the black leather lining.  A small surge of adrenaline rushed through her at that moment.  For the first time in her life, after all her anticipation, she would enter a Capsule.  Her mind-numbingly constant worry over Proud had dulled her thoughts about the experience, but the means for this persistent desire stood only a short walk away.

The whole journey did not take long - the arena was only a few miles from the school.  When they arrived, the moderately-sized lot was filled to capacity, some cars having parked in the alley beside the building.  Mr. Carlisle drove around the lot three times making grumpy noises all the while before miraculously finding empty spot between a rusty pickup and a motorcycle.

Adrenaline shot through Ada when the car shut off, but strict discipline over her feelings allowed her to contain her excitement - well mostly.  She still clutched her bag so tightly that her fingers were beginning to ache.

In a somewhat hype-dampening revelation, the outside of the GDL facility did not impress Ada.  A rather bland neon sign for 'Rex Arena' shone from above the box-like concrete building adjacent to the lot.  It featured no windows; only a lone, glass door, black paper having been taped to it, ostensibly to prevent light from getting in.  A couple of people milled around the nearby bike rack, smoking, but otherwise quiet.  The boys and Mr. Carlisle walked to the door, and Ada followed closely, still clutching her backpack in front of her.

Inside it was much darker, and Ada’s eyes needed to adjust.  She continued to follow Jonathan, barely able to make out his silhouette as they proceeded into the facility, hoping he would walk constantly so she would not bump into him.  They made their way down a narrow hallway and down a set of stairs.  The temperature dropped as they descended.  Ada shivered, having sprouted goosebumps at the change.  After a bit, they reached the bottom, and, eyes having fully adjusted to the darkness, she stopped to gape in amazement.  

What had seemed so simple and sketchy outside was extravagant and professional inside.  The facility consisted of one giant room, a cylinder - despite the blockiness of the outer appearance - with all the walls completely covered in black felt, lamps on the ceiling providing a dim glow to accentuate the many patterns of vividly colorful LED’s plastered about.  An identical construction to the field at the Grand Polle Center dominated a pit in the middle: ten cranes lifted ten Capsules into the air; a large projecting dome covered the floor; bleachers lined the walls, arching around the dome so that it was completely visible from all angles.  Ada, marveling at its vastness, supposed it would take her several minutes to walk the circumference of this stadium.  A small buzzing from the lights filled the gaps between a soft electronica beat playing from unseen speakers around the arena.

With a staunch wiggle of her head, she shook off her enamourment.  She stood at the top of the bleachers and saw, looking down, that the rest of the boys had reached the bottom without her.  Jonathan waved back up at her, a slight knowing smile on his face.

"You coming?" he called.

Coloring, Ada hurried down the steps, drawing near enough to hear Mr. Carlisle as he spoke to an official-looking staff member.  The man, perhaps around thirty, wore a navy shirt slashed with white, and GDL lettering plastered across the front - clearly the markings of an employee.  A cap with the same lettering adorned his head, covering a portion of his curly hair.  He stood beside a closed door that appeared to lead yet further down.

"There’s a rowdy bunch in there today," he said.  "Seems like you’ve got a few more challengers than usual."

"Is that so?" Mr. Carlisle responded.  He tilted his head back towards the boys hovering behind him.  "Did you fellas hear that?"

"Not a problem," Lachlan drawled, pointing at his head.  "I'm sure their skill isn't any different."  The other boys echoed his sentiment with fervent nods and arrogant grins.

"Mr. Carlisle," Jonathan said, interjecting, "since we brought Ada with us, could we run a warmup before we start?  I’d like to see how she gets acquainted with the team."

Raising his eyebrow, Mr. Carlisle looked to the GDL employee, who surveyed Ada.  He put a hand to his chin, and Ada shivered under his consideration.  "I don’t see why not."  The employee said.  "Though don’t take too long.  They’ve got a queue now, and it’s not getting any shorter while you waste time."  He turned and opened the door behind him.

"Good luck," grunted Mr. Carlisle.  "I’ll be in my usual spot."  He turned around and walked back up the bleachers.

"Thanks," Jonathan said to Mr. Carlisle's back.  As they filed through the open door, he glanced back at Ada, smiling and giving her the thumbs up.  Ada felt too nervous to express irritation at such inappropriately chummy candor.  She smiled weakly back at him.

This was it.  The time for he to enter a Capsule was going to be right now.  She quickly assessed everything she knew about Capsules, tried to recall every video she had ever seen, every article she had ever read, but the memories slipped away in between sharp stabs of adrenaline and anxiety that she could not suppress.  She remained quiet, wishing Conscience was around.

Yet more stairs led them to the waiting area.  Every GDL facility had one: a large, concrete room built below the Capsules.  The walls were adorned with tapestries depicting GDL players posing dramatically, the different terrains of the Gordon algorithm superimposed behind them.  Posters of professional GDL organizations had been plastered in the spaces beside them.  Ada recognized Umbra and Tyzon immediately, but others were there too: Lava Corps, Seabass, Diamond Lore, and even Subversive Gaming, who had not played in the professional circuit for two years.  Sunken couches and poofy bean bags scattered throughout the carpeted floor.  Groups of people stood together among them, mostly high school or college boys, talking amongst themselves, contributing to the anticipatory buzz of the room.  They shot not-so-subtle looks Ada’s way as the Erran Valley team marched across the room, heading towards a banner labeled "ENTRANCE."

"You seem to have priority here," Ada observed stiffly, addressing Jonathan. She managed a fairly level voice.  It certainly did not come out as a squeak.

Jonathan looked around at the room.  "Oh yeah."  He pointed to where they were headed.  "The reason we come on Wednesdays is because it’s challenger day.  King-of-the-hill style, you know.  Winner stays and all that."

Ada frowned.  "Does that mean you won last week?"

"And the week before that… and before that…" Jonathan said, rubbing the back of his head.  "We haven’t had to pay entry fees for a while.  We mostly win.  I think we’ve only really lost when Lachlan got the flu a few months ago and we had to use... a substitute."  He made an ugly face.  "That didn’t go too well."

"I see," Ada muttered, eyes fixed straight ahead.  It seemed the entire room was staring at her as the buzz of voices began to die down.  She had not known that these Erran Valley boys were so competent.  It would draw attention to her if she performed badly.  But she knew what she was doing.  She hoped.

They passed beneath the entrance sign, past another GDL employee standing at a desk with a console, who nodded towards them, and pushed open the door behind her.  Tingles ran up Ada's spine.  The room beyond was small, yet completely devoid of people, sporting only a few benches and some lockers.  Here too the walls were covered in black felt, dim LEDs like bland Christmas lights lining the edges.  Windows at the far end revealed the large pit which Ada had seen from the bleachers; an uncovered door frame led into it; and just a few footsteps away, stood the Capsules.  The boys lugged off their backpacks and began stuffing them in the open lockers.  Ada imitated them, though with much more decorum.

"So here’s what I’m thinking," Jonathan said, shutting a locker with his foot and rubbing his hands together.  "Let’s run the race drill before we start.  We’ll see a bit of Ada’s skill level, and we can see about getting her some play time."  He looked directly at Lachlan.  "How does that sound?"

Ada’s eyebrow twitched.  Race drill?

In response to Jonathan, Lachlan stared sullenly at him.  Nobody else said anything either.

"It’s settled, then," Jonathan said cheerily. He patted Lachlan on the back.  "I’ll go let them know.  You guys get into the Capsules."  He went back into the waiting area, leaving a silence, which was eventually broken by Lachlan, who’s dark gaze now bore into Ada’s.

"I’m not giving my spot up to you," he said.  "You can’t just weasel your way in here and pretend to know how to play.  Just because Jonathan is excited about you being a girl, it doesn’t give you some kind of right."

"Are clubs not meant to be joined?" Ada replied, crossing her arms.  "Or must one always ‘weasel’ into such things?"

Lachlan sneered back at her.  "I don’t believe for a moment that you’ve ever been in a Capsule.  I’ve never seen you around here.  What is that you’re really after, huh?  Is this some kind of dare you’ve been forced into?"

"Is it so difficult for you to believe that I simply wish to join your group?"

One of the other boys put a hand on Lachlan’s shoulder.  "Let’s just go," he said.  "You’re not going to lose to her, are you?"

"Of course not," he grunted, standing up.  He strode through the open threshold into the pit, the others following him.

Ada let out a deep breath.  She held a strong distaste for the students Erran Valley - she disliked speaking with most of them - but regarding these boys, that distaste was beginning to turn to hate.  Lachlan was clearly an ass, that much was true.  The other boys - whoever they were - remained so silent and docile that she felt vindicated at not having retained their names.  And though Jonathan did not seem quite as bad as them, he evidently hung around these degenerates quite often, which spoke volumes of his true character.

Lachlan had no reason to be so openly hostile.  She began to wonder why he held such an attitude.  Perhaps he had been outsmarted by some girl in the past and now distrusted all girls openly.  She smiled, imagining such a pleasing circumstance.  Yet, regardless of why Lachlan acted in such a rude manor, Ada knew the only way to silence a boy like him would be to beat him at his own game.  However, she did not know what the "Race Drill" was.  It had not been mentioned in any sort of GDL media that she watched.  Regardless, she was going to do it for the first time now, and she needed to make a sufficient impression.

After a deep breath, she smoothed her clothes unconsciously and went into the pit.

The perspective from here was vastly different than from the bleachers.  It made Ada feel distinctly out-of-place.  The holographic dome that could be seen from above was completely black down here.  She did not know how it worked, and wondered if somebody had turned it off - though, she could barely see up into the bleachers via the blinking and fluttering LEDs.  She stood close enough to the cranes that she could make out their individual struts, their heavy bolts capped with pristinely-polished lug nuts, the sole reinforcement for the intricate system of pulleys, motors, and wires running up the length.  The Capsules stood on their docking stations, metal ladders leaning against the platforms substantiated by their open hatches, each ladder flanked by a GDL employee who patiently attended their post.  They watched Ada as her steps on the padded flooring slowed to soak in the environment.

Lachlan climbed up the ladder to the nearest Capsule, neglecting the aid of the GDL employee.  He slid nimbly into the cockpit and promptly closed the hatch.  The employee sighed, and rubbed his forehead, but removed the ladder and began to carry it across the pit.  Ada looked around and saw that the remaining boys had selected the next three Capsules.

It was time.

She gritted her teeth, clenched her fist, held her head high, and proceeded to the nearest open Capsule.  The GDL employee there was a woman who smiled warmly at Ada.

"Hello," she said.  "I am Corinna.  May I assist you into the Capsule?"

Ada hesitated, looking up at the massive thing.  It was a solid cylinder of shiny metal, and much bigger than she had guessed.  But now that she stood at the base of it, the massiveness made her heart race.  Bolts with nuts bigger than her fist anchored pieces of the crane that loomed above, waiting to carry it into the air.  She glanced at the other Capsules.  The boys had already entered them.  "Yes," she replied, looking back at the GDL employee.  "I may require some assistance."

"You’ll want to take down your ponytail," Corinna said.  "It is much easier with your hair down."

Ada blinked.  She had not even considered that.  She carefully took the scrunchie with the little yellow flower out of her hair and wrapped it around her wrist.  She put both hands on the ladder.  It was cold to her grip.

"Once you get up there I can help you get strapped in."

Ada clambored to the top, and for the first time saw the inside of a Capsule with her own two eyes.  She stood upon the hatch, looking into a dark cockpit.  Leather and nylon covered the components inside, tightly wrapping the complex rigging.  It looked cramped, much smaller than pictures made it out to be.  Ada suspected that she would fit quite snugly, and wondered how somebody like Jonathan could stand it.  Then she got distracted by the GDL exoskeleton in the center.  Squinting, she could just make out where she was supposed to stand inside it.  She spotted a visor and the harness as well.

"Just jump in, and I can come up to help," called Corinna from the ground.

Slowly, Ada put a leg inside, stepping on a small foothold, then she slipped down.  With a thud, she fell into it.  For a moment she felt a pang of panic as the space restricted her arms and legs.  She calmed herself by focusing on maneuvering her legs into the exoskeleton, and locking herself firmly into place with a variety of velcro straps.

"Just like that," said Corinna from above her, having climbed the ladder herself.  "And make sure it’s tight.  We don’t want you bouncing around in there."  She reached down and tightened a shoulder strap.  Ada felt the whole chest piece form around her frame; it appeared to fit perfectly.  Eventually she had donned every piece of the exoskeleton and could not move her limbs without great difficulty.

"Now," Corrina’s voice said.  Ada did not move, and suspected that she could not if she tried.  "Just lean your head back on that switch.  The visor will come down, and you’ll be set.  Oh, and the panic button is by your head.  If you feel claustrophobic or like something is wrong, just close your eyes and role your head from side to side."  

"Okay," Ada said, a little breathlessly.

Corinna closed the hatch, and Ada heard her climb down the ladder.

Butterflies erupted in Ada’s stomach.  "Okay," she whispered again, exhaling.  She leaned back, and with a small click, the visor snapped into place around her head.

A blank canvas of white filled Ada’s vision.  She still could not move.  The whiteness persisted everywhere, but she could barely make out a horizon in the distance via a slight change in tint where ground and sky met.

A clear female voice spoke in Ada’s ears.  "New entity detected.  May I have your name?"

"Adalais Eldridge," Ada said, her voice cracking a little.  "But I prefer Ada."

"Adalais Eldridge," the voice repeated.  It paused a moment, then spoke again:  "I have created your profile.  You may consult with a GDL employee for modifications at a later time.  Do you wish to read the terms of use before agreeing to them?"

"Not at the moment, no."

"Adalais Eldridge, do you agree to the terms of use?"

"Yes."

"Engaging."

Ada heard a beep, and finally she found that she could move.  She spun her head wildly, finally letting out a breath that she did not know that she had been holding.  It felt good to be able to move.  But...  Immediately she noticed that something was different.  The motion felt slightly delayed and slow.  She commanded her head to move, and it only did so after a noticeable delay.  She moved her appendages and discovered that they, too had this odd delay.  She had read about this.  Lag.  The time it took the Capsule to register that you moved to when it showed it to you.  Every Capsule suffered from this, and feeling it now, Ada realized that it would be very difficult for her to get used to it.  She held her hand in front of her face, slowly flexing her fingers into a fist and back, marveling at how strange it felt to not be in exact control of her own body.  She shivered.

Abruptly she realized that she had been hovering as one of her toes brushed the ground, the feedback sending chills up her leg.  She descended until her feet had fully planted; then whatever had been suspending her in the air released its hold.  The sudden need to support her own weight caused her to stumble, though she managed to catch herself before she fell.  Her body felt much heavier than normal, but at the same time, much stronger.  Hesitantly, she took a few steps in a circle.  It was awkward, and slow, but she most certainly had longer legs here; her stride seemed much further.  As an experiment, she bent her knees, jumped, and landed.  At the impact, her legs buckled and she fell over.  Embarrassed, she got back to her feet.  Without any nearby frames of reference, she could not tell how high she had gone, but based on how long she had been in the air, it had been unnaturally high.

In her reading about Capsules, she had come to expect a difference between this world and real life, but nothing could have prepared her for how it really felt.  It was so amazing, yet so terrifying at the same time.

Jonathan’s voice sounded in her ears, crystal clear.  "We’re booting up the map now."  The vast sea of white morphed.  For a moment, It transitioned to an indescribable geometric static, then it flickered into a large, floating platform a few spans thick.  It was covered in a metallic gray texture, layered in gridded tiles about a yard in width.  A blue sky surrounded it on all sides, fluffy clouds floating above and below, and some even through the middle of it.  The platform itself was very long, nearly vanishing into the horizon. Although squinting, Ada could see where it stopped, perhaps about a mile away.  The entire platform was not flat though.  It rose and fell in elevation via wide ramps; sharp pyramids - some ten stories high - jutted out at odd angles.   Portions of the platform looked like they had eroded away, leaving perilous gaps that ameliorated the danger of falling.  There were no guard rails.  Ada stood hesitantly peering over the edge, and could not see any sort of ground below.

"Alright," Jonathan said in her ears.  "I’ve got everything set up.  Are you all ready?"

From around her, she heard voices.  She spun and staggered, very nearly crashing too the floor again.  With arms spread out, she carefully regained her balance.  She was not alone on this platform.   A few paces away, the boys stood in a group, studying the map.  They did not look like themselves though… Ada recognized Lachlan nearby, but he wore a full-body, tight-fitting suit of deep black.  Intricate stripes of blue and white decorated his shoulders, knees, and ankles.  He looked well-muscled and fit, and even taller than before.  His boots appeared like they were made of metal, with thick clasps that molded around his ankles.  Cylindrical tanks lined the sides.  Upon both his forearms were what looked like large pieces of armor, one with hook sticking out of the front, the other, a barrel.  Ada looked down at herself.  She too sported similar apparel, though her suit was a plain gray, and she did not have any of the fancy stripes like those that adorned Lachlan.  Did she look as fit as Lachlan?

Ada looked at her forearms and frowned.  The piece attached to her left forearm held a hook.  This had to be the Grapple.  A trigger wrapped up into her palm from the device.  She suspected that the thing would fire if she pulled it.  She looked at the piece on her right.  This had to be her Enforcer; the equipment that gave force to her punch.  And on her feet must be Vaults.   She grinned, finally having achieved a sense of recognition in this strange place.

"Ada?" Jonathan’s voice asked.  "Are you ready?"

Ada blinked.  Everyone was looking at her.  "I am ready," she said quickly, flushing.  Lachlan sneered at her, eminateing showy confidence.  He rocked from foot to foot, flexing and stretching.  The Lag did not seem to affect him in the slightest.

"Good," Jonathan’s voice said.  "I’ll be conducting this drill from the control room.  Have you seen this before, Ada?"

Ada surveyed the area once more.  The grey platforms and blue sky looked nothing like the output of the Gordon algorithm which was used in professional games.  "I have not," she admitted, frowning.

"Well it’s a race drill," Jonathan replied.  "All you have to do is get from the start point to the end point.  Everyone else will be racing beside you.  Do whatever you need to win.  I’ve given everybody Vaults and Grapples so you can focus on your fundamentals."

"Okay..."

"Cool, then let’s move to the starting line."  There was a slight pause, then Ada panicked as she felt her body lift into the air.  Across the platform she flew with little control of where she headed.  The boys drifted beside her, bodies relaxed and indifferent.  To her left, she spotted Lachlan, who gave her a wicked grin when he saw the anxiety in her face.  Ada schooled it to stillness, and forced herself to look forward.

Delicately, whatever unseen force deposited her on a checker-marked tile about ten paces across.  She focused intently on maintaining her balance as it let go of her.  The terrain directly in front of the starting line began with a long stretch of flat tiles just like the one on which she stood, though with a bland, grey texturing.  Immediately after that stretch though, the path split into mass of treacherous cliffs, triangular hills, and angled platforms.

"Go ahead and move up to the line," Jonathan said.

Ada looked at the tile upon which she stood.  It had a glossy sheen, like it was covered in plastic.  She wondered what it would feel like if she touched it, but banished the thought as she was unsure if she could properly squat on the ground without falling over.  Everything still felt… slow.  But she needed to get used to that, and quickly.

She spotted the boys moving towards the front of the tile and awkwardly moved in beside them.  Lachlan fingered the trigger of his enforcer as he watched her approach, but said nothing.  Ada ignored him.

"Here we go," Jonathan said.  "On my mark."

Ada squatted as low as she dared, staring directly down the path in front of her.  She picked a spot past the long stretch.  A bead of sweat rolled down her temple.

"Three... Two...  One...   Go!"

A blast resounded as Ada engaged her Vaults and started flying forward through the air.  Wind whipped through her hair as the ground zoomed past her, adrenaline pumping through her veins.  Each of the boys had used their Vaults as well, but they flew much closer to the ground.  Ada’s high projection would land her much further than them, all the way to the fork, but she would have to stick the landing correctly or else tumble on the ground.  As she rapidly descended, she tried to angle her body perpendicular to her approach, hoping she would be able to absorb the impact...

WHAM!

She exploded into the ground, legs buckling beneath her.  Toppling head over heels down a wide ramp, she ricocheted off of the edge of a pyramid, and skidded through a flat stretch.  When she had finally stopped, her entire left side hung dangerously off the platform, threatening to carry her into an irrecoverable fall.  She rolled over in a panic and scrambled to her feet, feeling a sharp pain in her shoulder and hips.  She wildly looked around.  Somehow the boys were still behind her, but they were making up ground fast, Lachlan first among them.  He launched his Grapple at a pyramid.  It latched on firmly, and he swung with ease through small gap between two peaks, propelling himself in her direction.

Ada turned to continue, and hesitated.  Did she want to do that again?  She was acutely aware of how close she had come to falling off, and the pain in her hips persisted.  But if she did not make use of the Vaults, how would she win?  At that moment, Lachlan whistled by, using the flat angle of a ramp to send him at a precise vector in order to land on an even surface.  He looked back to give her a disdainful look.

Infuriated, Ada activated her Vaults once more, making sure to keep lower this time.  Once again she blasted through the air, but she did not go nearly as far.  She landed on one foot, attempting to bound forward, but the Lag, that sluggishness to her movements, still remained.  She barely managed a few steps before she could not keep up with her speed, and tripped again.  She heard the other boys fly above her.

This seemed… almost impossible.  How were they moving so effortlessly?  But no.  She could not just give up.  She had to keep trying.

Ada stood up, and carefully began to plod forward, forcing herself to slow down when she felt she would fall.  It was very difficult, and she stumbled more than a few times.  She looked up to see the silhouettes of the boys shrinking into the distance.  This was getting her nowhere.  She had to go for it.

With fists clenched, she activated her Vaults once more, blasting as high and far as she could.  She whistled through the air, willing herself to go further and further.  They boys passed below her in a blur.  They looked up at her as she passed.

But she had judged the trajectory incorrectly.  She was headed directly into a hole in the platform!  In a few seconds she would be falling into the endless sky.  Trying to stay calm, Ada stretched her left arm forward and aimed at the tallest nearby pyramid that she could see.  Hoping beyond hope, she closed her eyes and pulled the trigger to her Grapple.  The hook shot out of her arm and she spun violently in recoil.  She continued to fall, though, and through her disorientation, she could not tell if the hook had met its target.

Abruptly a force pulled at her left arm, and she pivoted directions.  The hook had miraculously landed on a small outcropping above and in front of her.  In a great arc Ada swung, and as she began to rise back toward the platform, she regained her bearings.  She was ahead of some of the other boys now, but Lachlan remained in front.  He ran on the adjacent platform, neck and neck with her, leaping forward at an incredible speed.  Ada reactivated the Grapple’s trigger, and began zooming towards where it was hooked.  Lachlan looked at her, then to the point where she headed.  A devious grin flashed on his face.

He Vaulted forward, directly at the tip of the pyramid where Ada’s Grapple lay attached.  He got there a half-second before Ada herself, and by the time she ascertained his intention, it was far too late.  His Enforcer blasted through Ada’s ribcage, pain rippling through her chest, and she went flying off the platform at breakneck speed.  She only caught a glimpse of his triumphant glare before she rocketed too far away.  She fired her Grapple again, but this time it was in vain.

A surreal feeling of danger engulfed Ada.  A piece of her wanted to scream in panic, to wave her arms in some crazy attempt to fly back up to the platform; to do something!

But she did not.  Why did it matter?  She had lost.

She closed her eyes, letting her body go limp, wind flitting between her arms and legs.  Falling… Falling…  Would she ever hit the ground?  She wanted to stay like this forever.  This was where she deserved to be.

It all faded away, though, turning back to the whiteness from before, and then she drifted down to her initial position at the checkered tiling, lifted by that same unseen force.  She saw Lachlan running far, far in the distance.  Horns blasted and fireworks exploded as he bounded through the finish line, arms raised triumphantly, twisting back to look at Ada.  Shame prickled across her skin.

Ada did not fully remember what happened next.  She stared blankly ahead of her, body limp, mind numb.  Somehow the environment shifted, slowly engulfing her in a pitch blackness.  Sweat beaded at her temples, and tingles ran through her arms and legs.  She breathed heavily, heart rate elevated.  She had not realized how exhausted she was.  Several clanks and thuds resounded.  Her Capsule jolted.  She could no longer move.

"Alright," said Jonathan’s hesitant voice in her ear.  "That was… very interesting, Ada.  Go ahead and exit the Capsule for now."  A low beep sounded.  The visor snapped off her head and she felt a brief nausea, then a disengagement in her torso.  The hatch opened above her, admitting the dim lighting of the projection dome into the cockpit.  Ada just stayed still, unwilling to move.

Small thuds sounded as somebody climbed the ladder outside and reached the hatch.  It opened with a screech, and she heard the cheerful voice of Corinna above her.  "Need some help?"  She reached down and began to undo all the straps of the exoskeleton.

As the first piece of velcro scratched off her shoulder, Ada started.  She shook herself.  She was pouting now.  She could not stay here forever.  The ball of shame in her mind had not lessened and she would have to deal with the Lachlan eventually, but… one thing at a time. She began to assist with the straps. It was slow work, as Ada could not move very easily, but some time later she was able to grasp Corinna's hand to be hoisted from the cockpit.  Immediately Ada looked to Lachlan's Capsule, but he had already exited, and was not in sight.  She sighed.

"You are quite bold, you know," Corinna whispered.  "Most first-timers are far too afraid to use the Vaults in such a reckless way."  She winked at Ada, and began to descend the ladder.  Ada’s gaze darkened.

She made her way back, hobbling on the padded floor as she became reacclimated to real life.  There certainly was no Lag here.  Her legs were sore too, and she almost had to lock her knees in place to keep from toppling.  She made it to the waiting room and looked up to see the boys. Jonathan had come back, a worried look on his face as he unconsciously reached a hand towards her.  Lachlan's arms were crossed as he nodded smugly.  She ignored them both, walking to a bench and sitting down gingerly.

"So that’s that, huh?" Lachlan said.  "Your true colors come out."  He sneered at Jonathan.  "Tell me again why we let her come along?"

"Lachlan…" Jonathan said, staring worriedly at Ada.  "You didn't have to do that, you know.  It was very clearly her first time."

"'Do whatever you need to win,'" he quoted.  "I don't get why you give her extra attention.  She's the one that barged in here and tried to sneak into our team."

"That's not the point--" Jonathan started, but Lachlan barreled over him.

"We are a team, Jonathan!"  He said, firmly.  "The five of us.  We don't need anybody else.  We don't want anybody else.  Even if they are…" he pointed at Ada.  "A girl."  He strode up to Jonathan so they were standing almost nose to nose.  "We are here to compete and win.  That you would even insinuate to her that she had a chance of playing is an outright lie."

Jonathan looked taken aback.  His eyes widened

Ada had enough of this.  She marched to her locker, threw it open, grabbed her backpack, and departed without saying a word to them.

She passed by the teams in the next room with her head stiffly held forward.  They fell silent as she walked.  Before she got to the end, somebody called at her, "You’ve got some mad hops, girl."  Several of them laughed.  She quickened her pace.  Up the steps and through the dark hallway, she went, and finally to the exit where she opened the door and left the complex.  The sunlight blinded Ada’s eyes, and she lifted a hand to block it.

This whole endeavor had turned into an unmitigated disaster.  She had possessed no idea of how difficult it was to simply be in a Capsule, let alone be good at maneuvering inside it.  From watching Proud, she had thought she understood how it all worked; thought she knew all the little tricks that could be done with the Vaults and the Grapple.  He made everything seem so effortless.  So easy. Clearly, she had been wrong.  Very wrong.

She took a step from the door, and just then noticed that her legs were extremely weak, as if she had just finished one of her workouts.  She staggered on the curbside, barely catching herself.  Gingerly she edged forward.  At least now she knew why Proud had been training his body so much.  She had barely been in a Capsule for ten minutes and she was almost incapacitated.  She wiped her brow clean of swat and walked over to the bike rack and sat down on the curbside with a weary sigh.

"A bunch of idiots, aren’t they?"  A girl whom Ada had not noticed standing behind the bike rack spoke.  Ada glanced up and saw that she leaned against the wall smoking a cigarette and tapping her foot.  She had a plump frame, though also fairly well-muscled, with impressively broad shoulders.  Unkempt black hair framed her pale face and skin, and perhaps a but too much black eyeliner accentuated her eyes.

Ada frowned back at her.

"Don’t worry," the girl continued.  "Even if you were good at that dumb drill, they wouldn’t let you play with them.  They’re a close-knit group.  Like each other too much."

"You know them?" Ada asked.  Her voice croaked and she coughed.

"My idiot brother plays with them," she said, puffing a cloud of smoke.  "Won’t let me anywhere near them - well, except for once - But he thinks I’m going to threaten his masculinity or something.  And they’re always bitching about how few girls play."

"I think I saw him," Ada said, flatly, just then noticing the uncanny resemblance she had to Lachlan, though she certainly was the older one.   "I… cannot say I liked him."

The girl let out a guffaw, and started coughing up smoke.  "That makes two of us," she said, in between hacks.  When she stopped laughing, she stomped on the cigarette and turned to Ada.  "I’m Skye."

"Ada."

"That Grapple shot was pretty impressive.  For a newbie anyway.  How did you do that?"

"I…" Ada began, but she hesitated.  Recalling the moment, she could not say what her thoughts were at the time.  She had simply aimed and fired.  "I am not sure."

"Intuition huh?" Skye said, shrugging.  "I did the same thing when I was learning.  That’s when I knew I could be a good player.  Anway, you don’t want to waste your time with those boys.  I’d find a different team if I were you… And you might want to practice too from the looks of your control.  Come talk to me once you get some fundamentals down, though.  Might be fun to play with you."  Ada's fast reddened, but Skye kept speaking, though she began walking away.  "Well, I’m in line to challenge them right now, actually.  Somebody’s got to knock them down a peg.  And if there’s somebody who’s going to make my brother punch a wall in frustration, it’s going to be me."

Ada peered at Skye again.  She was going to defeat those boys?  Skye did not look particularly fit, though she did seem fairly strong.  She wondered if Skye was being as overconfident as Ada had been.  "Well then," she said.  "Good luck, I suppose."

"Thanks," Skye said, raising a hand above her head, not looking back.  "But I don't need it.  Never have."  She opened the door to the facility and walked inside.

For a while Ada sat on that concrete curb with a glazed look, paying little attention to the occasional pedestrian who entered or exited Rex Arena.  Her muscles still ached, and she felt little desire to move from that position.  But she had to, eventually.  She could go back inside and see if the boys would let her play, or she could simply walk home and forget about them.  Honestly, that was not much of a choice.

With a groan, Ada stood up.  She limped for a few steps to get her blood flowing again.  She pulled the scrunchy from her wrist and fixed her ponytail before she set off on her way home.

