The turf field absorbed the shock of Ada’s cleats as she sprinted, desperately swinging her arms in an attempt to achieve more speed from her rapidly-weakening legs.  The third field, with its fading yard markers and dead patches of grass, was frequently unoccupied this late in the afternoon on Fridays.  The various football teams had bussed to away games, but even then they rarely came down here.  The condition of the field left much to be desired, and too often during winter it was easy to find yourself slipping in a patch of mud that had frozen over the night before.  It was the perfect place for Ada, who had no desire to attract spectators to her pitiful display of training.

Each stride grated at Ada's fatigued body.  Sprinting had never been easy for her, and these past weeks of doing almost nothing but that had left their mark.  Sore mornings hindered her ability to walk to school quickly, and she often made it into her first class just as the bell rang.  She strode with what felt like a perpetual limp and had trouble concentrating, since any slight movement was liable to remind her that her muscles ached.  Yes, it had been difficult lately.  Very difficult.  

She placed a foot on the thick, endzone line and wheezed, doubling over with her hands on her knees.

"Well that wasn’t very fast," Conscience said, clicking the timer in her hand.  "You slowed down by a whole two seconds."

"It… is… rather… difficult…" Ada breathed.  She winced and forced herself to stand up straight, hands on the back of her head, still puffing loudly.  It was a bad habit to keep her hands on her knees.  Or so, the sprinting advice online had said.

"Are you sure this is what Proud was doing out here?" Conscience asked.  "There has to be some method that will help you improve faster than this."

Since the debacle with the Erran Valley GDL club - which still made Ada's cheeks flush with embarrassment at recalling it - Ada had realized the kind of effort she would need to put forth in order to even consider entering a Capsule again.  Obviously, it had been silly to think she could walk onto a team and play without any experience.  She had not been thinking straight at the time, what with her anger at Proud's situation and her irritation with Mr. Staples.  But now she had to focus.  She had to practice.  So, with a fresh notebook and ball-point pen, Ada had sat down at her desk and recalled the movements that Proud had performed on this field.  She could not remember all the details, and could only go off of what she had seen him doing, but after some time, she had constructed a workout plan for herself.  She had taped the paper to the front of her master binder so that she could spend time memorizing it.  For the moment, Ada’s goal was to follow this routine, every day, until she was confident in her fitness.  After that… well, she had to take one thing at a time.  Maybe she could find a team at Rex Arena...

However, she had not accounted for just how poor of shape she was in right now.  The workout had been ambitious to say the least; so much so that she had been required to omit whole sections of it just to walk home before the sun went down in the evening.  Compromise after compromise had drastically whittled down the routine.  And even still, she came home and went straight to her room, too exhausted to do much of anything else.

"I am sure," Ada replied firmly.  The fact of the matter was, that without this plan, she had nothing.  No method of training, no guidance...  She could only rely on her observations of Proud.  Yes, this was certain to work.  She stepped back to the endzone line.  "How much time do I have left?"

"Fifteen seconds."

Closing her eyes, Ada knelt on one knee.

"Okay, go now," Conscience said, yawning into her sleeve.  She clicked the timer again.

With a groan, Ada attempted to accelerate down the field.  It was even more difficult now.  Her legs moved much slower, her breaths came more violently; but she pressed on.

For a while now, Ada had been following Proud's condition via Tyzon's website, which had been very sparse lately.  The team had posted only a few updates since their initial announcement concerning him, offering simple information about his time in the hospital, when he was expected out, and so on.  But they also made a troubling statement concerning the ongoing efforts of the team: Proud's injury was too severe for him to remain player, and effective immediately, Tyzon forfeited their GDL spot.  That was all they had to say on the matter.  The bluntness of this announcement made her angry.  It was a simmering anger that stayed with her day and night.  She could not accept that Proud's tenure as a great player had simply ended with one fell stroke.  He was better than that.  His legacy was better than that.

Mother had noticed Ada's new training regimen.

"Not feeling well, are you?" she said one afternoon as Ada limped into the living room and fell back onto the couch.  Mother stood at the stove top, stirring a saucepan of what smelled like some kind of curry as she sipped her usual green tea from the bright, orange mug she used on particularly drab days.  The sleeves of her cream sweatshirt were much too long for her arms, and they bunched at the wrists.  She liked the style though; perhaps she felt more cozy in such attire.

"I am fine," Ada said, though it came out as a low rasp that tickled her throat, and she coughed a few times into the cushions.

"Mmhmm," Mother said.  She clanked a wooden spoon on the pan twice before setting it aside.  The stove clicked as she turned off the burner.  She gave a satisfied sigh, then strode over to the couch and sat down at Ada's feet.

"So," she said, placing the mug on the coffee table in front of them and folding her arms in her lap.  "Would you care to enlighten me about how 'fine' you are feeling?"

Ada gave her the most withering, sullen stare she could muster.  It was not a very good one though, as it was thoroughly ruined by a yawn that she simply could not stop from coming out of her mouth.

"Because I have a sneaking suspicion," Mother continued, pushing back a few strands of brown hair behind her ear, "that you are quite the opposite."  She had the most irritating way of staring at Ada such that she felt compelled to look away.  Ada fought hard, but she soon found that her eyes slid to the wall next to Mother.

"I suppose I am tired," Ada mumbled.

"Tired?" Mother said, aghast.  "What on earth would make you feel that way?  Is it perhaps that you stayed up too late last night?  Perhaps not getting sleep makes one tired?  That would be really something, wouldn't it?"

Ada's cheeks flushed.  Her priorities had shifted so that, instead of homework, training was at the forefront of her mind.  So intense and exhausted was this training this week, that Ada had neglected to write two separate essays, due earlier today, on the grounds of being too fatigued to write them properly.  She had pushed them off until last night, where they simply had to get done, regardless of how poorly-written the ended up.  Her desk lamp had remained lit almost until dawn.

Mother sighed, and her expression softened.  "Something has changed with you recently."  She took a sip from her mug.  "I'd like to know what."

She could be so intrusive sometimes.  Ada assumed a patient countenance.  "Not that it is any of your concern, but I have decided to increase my physical stamina."

"So you are working out now?  Is that it?"

"Yes," Ada said.  "To put it simply."

"Not that I'm against it," Mother replied.  "But you decided this recently?  Are you training for some sport?"  She had a hopeful look in her eyes that thoroughly irritated Ada.  Mother still hoped that Ada would play traditional sports.  She wanted to tell Mother off, that she was doing this for GDL, but she was much too exhausted to start another argument.  She still had other homework to do anyway.

"I am... considering it," she said.

"I see," Mother said.  Her eyes flashes suspiciously, but she stood up from the couch.  "So long as you know that your schoolwork is still important.  I don't want to see any more of these late nights."

That had been a week ago.

Ada hobbled across the line that marked a football endzone and collapsed onto the ground, splaying her arms out to the side, making a star on the turf, laying flat on her on her back, chest rising and falling rapidly.  She felt as drained and exhausted as she had on her first day.  Was she improving at all?

"I don’t think that’s part of the workout," Conscience called, jogging up the field, waving the stopwatch in the air.  "You’ve still got a few more to do."

No matter her tiredness, she had to continue.  That dull anger at Proud's situation was her primary fuel now.  And it burned very brightly.

"I… know," Ada said, rolling over. She slowly rose to her feet and hobbled to the line.  "Tell me… when… to go… again."

---

The cup of instant noodles gave off just enough heat to stave off the bitter chill from a crisp wind that had firmly established itself since the night before.  It was common in early fall to have a day or two like this that was much colder than the rest.  Even so, Jesse huddled over her meager meal, eating slowly to preserve the time she could spend out here on the rooftop of Erran Valley.  She often came here when she felt the need to think, or calm down, or to simply be alone with a quiet landscape.  Well relatively quiet.  The cars in the city could easily be heard from here, but compared to the cafeteria at this hour, the rooftop was tranquility.

Increasingly as of late, the rooftop had become her haven during lunch time.  The morning hustle and bustle of school combined with... recent developments in her life seemed to come to boiling at this time of day as of late, and she found herself retreating here to simmer down.  She knew why, of course.  It saddened her to admit, but she as each day passed, she felt less and less like the high school student she was; more and more like - how would she describe herself? A survivor?  A scavenger?  She did not know.  It was a painful feeling.  All she wanted was for everything to go back to the way it was, where she could act like a normal student, convincingly act like nothing was wrong, and even have the luxury to do the things she wanted before she had to go home and face reality.  She had that no longer.  It was amazing how her life had changed so quickly.

The rusted, metal door that lead back into the building clattered open, and Jesse looked up, alarmed.  Who else would come up here?  Especially cold on a day like this!

To her surprise Vivi's slight frame appeared at the threshold, the usual blue ribbons tied in bows on her twin-tails fluttering in the breeze that flowed through the doorway.  She stepped out onto the rooftop and squinted as the sun hit her eyes.  She looked around, quickly spotting Jesse.  "Aha.  There you are."

Though she would have preferred to be alone right now, Jesse could not help but grin.  "You know me too well."

"I guess," Vivi said, striding up and sitting beside Jesse.  She pulled her knees to her chin and looked out at the rooftop.  "You come out here sometimes."

Jesse did not respond immediately.  Vivi was usually the strong, silent type, though unlike most boys of that persuasion, she was shorter than most everybody in the school.  She also had a quiet voice, and very rarely used it to utter an opinion.  At times it made her seem timid, uncertain, maybe even weak.  But inside that petite body was an unshakable stone comprised of the perfect mixture of competitiveness, humility, and discipline.  She was the most athletic person Jesse knew, volunteering excitedly at the prospect of any physical activity: running, climbing, biking, lifting... She participated in several sports, from soccer to cross country, pole vault to long jump.  She excelled at them all.  However, her true passion was basketball.  Most of her summers were completely booked with practices and training all driving towards the yearly tryouts that determined who played - and more importantly, who started - on the varsity line up.  Despite her height deficiency, Vivi had been a part of that team for three years now, and all signs indicated a fourth.  She had weird tick though: a habit underestimating herself.  If you did not know her and happened to ask she felt like she was good at basketball, she would most likely give the impression that she was terrible, and that the subject was hardly relevant to her.  At some level she would probably believe it too.

It was telling that Vivi had sought Jesse out today.  She must have really felt something was wrong.  Jesse smiled sadly.  She did not deserve a friend like that.  "Aren't you cold?"

"Getting there," she said, grabbing her knees tighter.  "But not yet."  She glanced at Jesse, then looked away, embarrassed.  That was another of her ticks.  She did not like to hold eye contact.  "I wanted to talk."

"Yeah?  About what?"

"I don't know," she squirmed uncomfortably.  "I just felt like, maybe something was wrong."  She stopped squirming and tensed, then looked up into Jesse's eyes.  "Is it Cormac again?"

Jesse tensed, but held her gaze.  "No," she said firmly.  "I've dealt with him for now."

"For now?"

"He won't bother me.  Just trust me."

Vivi relaxed.  "Good."

With a deep breath, Jesse relaxed too.  It was imperative that Vivi did not have any concerns about that man anymore.  He had already messed up Jesse's life enough.  She did not need to risk Vivi's too.

"So if that's not it, then why are you up here again?"

"Just... thinking."  Not for the first time Jesse felt guilty about deceiving her friend.  It felt unfair to abuse Vivi's trust, but this was for the best.

"Oh," Vivi said.  A small smile crept onto her face.  "Otis says you turned him down again.  Is that it?"

"What?" Jesse said, raising her eyebrows.  "Oh, you mean the music club?"  She chuckled.  "I suspect that bothers him more than me."

"Yeah," Vivi said, flicking the edge of a ribbon that had flapped over her face.  "He's been stomping around the house in full rage."

"Sorry about that."

Vivi giggled.  "No worries.  I've been making him walk up the path from the third parking lot the past few weeks.  He HATES it."

"I think he might have mentioned that."

They fell silent at that, but it was an amicable one.  A thing that only comes with friendship and time, where both were content simply being in each other's company.  Jesse treasured moments like these.  It felt like they were becoming more and more rare for her as of late.  All too soon the warning tone resounded, marking the end of the lunch period.  Jesse sipped the rest of her now-cold noodles, then crushed it in her hand, throwing it in the waste been just inside the door to the roof.





