"The results of these tests are frustrating.  But not unhelpful.  They tell us that our approach just needs to evolve a bit more."

The words of Jeremiah were meant to be thoughtful, placating, and maybe even hopeful, but Laurel could tell that he was concerned.  Very concerned.

They were both in the 14th floor of the Tyzon Tower; a prolific building, the tallest in the city, and projecting the massive, red "T" Tyzon logo that could be seen for miles.  The damp office in which they both sat, face to face, was not nearly so majestic.  Laurel had been here many times, and did not need his vision to feel that an overwhelmingly drab brownness, with uninspiring carpeting, bland wallpaper, and suffocating fluorescent lighting. The only furniture in the room was a bulky desk and two office chairs, both of which whined in protest if anyone so much as leaned an inch in any direction.  It was unlikely that Jeremiah had decided to adorn the place with so much as a picture of a tree since the last time Laurel sat in here.  The man preferred to stay out of his office, and only used it out of necessity.  Like, for example, when he needed to have a private conversation.

"Has anything changed?" Jeremiah asked. "Anything at all?"

"You've asked me that a hundred times," Laurel said.  "No.  Nothing has changed."

"I could use any little scrap of information you can give me.  Anything!  Wrack your brain and tell me something new."

Laurel grimaced.  "No.  I've already told everything."

Jeremiah's chair squeaked as he leaned back.  "There's more to this than your vision, you know.  What if she doesn't come back this time?"

Maybe that would not be so bad.

Of course, Laurel's thoughts were his own.  For the moment.

"I've told you everything," he said.  "We've seen this cycle before.  Many times.  It isn't any different.  She will come back."

"You're awfully calm about this.  It has been quite a while.  She's still not here."

"It's just another cycle--"

"No!" Jeremiah said, his chair snapping back.  "It's different!  It has to be!  We were prepared, even for even an event like this!"

Laurel shook his head.  In a way he could understand Jeremiah's frustration.  They had been running this experiment for... what was it?  Nearly fifteen years now?  Tyzon was beginning to suspect more and more what was really happening here, and still, Jeremiah clung to the hope that he would solve this puzzle.  To figure out why, after all this time, Laurel could still not control the thing in his head.

Jeremiah gave a resigned sigh.  "You've given me less to go on than those tests."  Laurel heard the desk drawer open, and a rustling of papers. "We'll have to start again.  But this time," then the clacking of a clipboard on the desk, "I want to approach this from the source."

"Back to the list?" Laurel asked, raising an eyebrow.  "You really are desperate."

"Right now it's the best strategy I've got."

Laurel reached forward and felt for the clipboard.  He found it and pulled it towards him, tapping it with a finger.  "So you really believe one of these kids is connected to the project in some way?"

"It is a possibility."

"It's wishful thinking," Laurel said.  "Every child born of a Tyzon employee between 13 and 15 years ago.  Quite a list."  Laurel flicked his thumb across the tens of sheets of printed names attached to the clipboard.

"It's something!"  Jeremiah's fist hit the table with more force than Laurel expected.  He dropped the clipboard with a small clatter.  "It's something, Laurel, and maybe it's a miracle, but I won't give up until I have exhausted EVERY possibility."  Jeremiah sighed.  "Just...  Just leave... for now.  I need to think.  But be ready to come in again.  We'll still run weekly tests, just in case."

"Right," Laurel said, standing.  He turned towards the door, but an idle thought struck him.  "So what happens if one of those kids is... related... to Cecilia?  What would you do with them?"

It took a moment for Jeremiah to respond, but when he did, his voice held a dangerous conviction.  "Whatever it takes."

---

A Tyzon employee met Laurel at the entrance to the tower and directed him to a car that was to take him to some temporary lodgings.  Though grateful for this, Laurel understood that the gesture did not come from any sense of responsibility on Tyzon's part.  A dependency like this was a nice way for Jeremiah to keep strings attached to him. 

Today, the driver's name was Tobin.  He was an amicable-enough fellow, though quite talkative.  So far the ride had been filled with Tobin jabbering in quick succession about the usual small talk: his family, the weather, food.  After they passed a movie theater though, and a remorseful comment about Laurel not being able to watch them, Tobin revealed his particular interest in the thespian arts, spouting film buff vernacular, and critiquing the acting of people of which Laurel had never heard.

"...She is a very shrill singer though, so it makes sense they'd sick her in that role, right?"

"Yep," Laurel said.

"Right?  But I can't help but wonder if they should've gotten younger actress.  I mean, that part isn't too hard, and I'm sure with the right director..."

Laurel's conversations with Jeremiah always left him somewhat uncertain.  The man was clearly dedicated to his research, and willing to put a lot on the line to get results.  But sometimes Laurel belt unsettled by him.  Those last words from Jeremiah... they had been tinged with an unmistakable madness.  Laurel knew that Jeremiah fully meant what he said.  Truth be told, it disturbed him.

"...some say he's a method actor, but I don't believe it."

Laurel stayed quite for several minutes as Tobin prattled on.  He had no idea where his lodgings were to be after exiting the hospital, but it was unlikely that they would be too far away.  Jeremiah wanted him close.  Tobin said something that made Laurel's ears perk up.

"Did you say, Erran Valley?"

"Hmm?" Tobin said.  "Yeah, it's on the left here." He took turn a little sharply and Laurel's shoulder dug into the right door of the car.  "Did you go there or something?" 

Laurel chuckled.  "Not as a student.  I used to... train on one of the many fields they have."

"Oh yeah?  For what?"

"It's not important.  I was an athlete, of sorts.  I was there a while ago."

They came to a halt at a stoplight, and Tobin gave a thoughtful sigh.  "One of my nieces goes to Erran Valley.  It's a nice school.  Supposedly for the gifted and talented.  Hard to get into you know?"

"I wouldn't know about that," Laurel said.  "I just used their field.  An empty lot that never seemed to be occupied, down by some abandoned parking lot.  Nice field."  He recalled discovering that gem.  Having grown up with lumpy asphalt, weeds, and dandelions as acceptable running surfaces, he had been nothing short of awestruck with it.  An immaculate grass football field, with a perfect turf track around the edges, rigidly painted lines, and a full set of cones hung neatly on a nearby post.  It was an athlete's dream.  It had never been in use by the school, Erran Valley, probably because they had two others just like it on the opposite side of the grounds with a much better lot.  So it had just sat there, pristine, and unused.  Laurel would not have forgiven himself for neglecting something like that.

"You know, I think we're right next to that field now," Tobin said.  "Dirt parking lot next to it?  Kind of out of the way of the school?"

"Yeah, sounds right."

"It doesn't look as abandoned as you make it out."

"Oh yeah?" Laurel asked.  "Who's out there?"  Maybe Erran Valley High School had grown since last he was here.

"Well it looks like a student.  Some girl is just running around on it."

"Just one?"

"Yep."

"Weird."

Tobin eased the car forward as the stoplight turned green, and drove away.  They dropped the subject for the remainder of the ride, which was only a few minutes: Tobin took a few more turns, drove a few blocks, and they exited the car.

"Well, I'll see you around," Tobin said.  "I'm on call for you in case you need to get around.  Just beep me when you need a car."

"Thank you, Tobin."

The car door closed Tobin drove away.  Laurel turned to face the building at the foot of which he stood.  He could picture it easily: a nondescript apartment complex with a minimalist aesthetic, a little narrower than most buildings on the block, and only a few stories tall.  It was a nice place.  Rent was probably thousands a month, maybe a million a year.  He wouldn't know.  Jeremiah handled all that. 

However, he did not feel like going back up there right now.  The conversation with Tobin had left him feeling nostalgic.  He set off on that familiar route across blacktop streets and concrete walkways, a path he had not trodden for what felt like many years.  He went to the third field of Erran Valley.

--

The air felt exactly the same as it always had.  Clean, crisp, and light.  Laurel exhaled and for a brief moment felt quite peaceful.  He stood at the edge of the field, hands in pockets, and for a brief moment he was actually able to truly relax.  There was something about the familiarity of the place that calmed him.  When he had been here, he had been content.  He was here again, so his mind felt like it should feel content.  It had been so long since he had been able to feel this way...

An intense pain abruptly wracked his mind.  Tendrils of ice pierced behind his eyes, convulsing and ripping and slicing.  Spikes jabbed all over like somebody was stabbing his skull with a dagger several times in quick succession.  All the veins and arteries in his head seemed to want to pop from the pressure.

Then it stopped.

Laurel found himself face first on the ground, smelling that familiar burnt-sulfur aroma that the third field's turf gave off.  He grunted, raising a hand to his temple.  That had been one of the worst attacks yet.  He had never blacked out before.  He checked for movement in his extremities.  They worked fine.  His sense of smell obviously worked.  He could hear... something, though there was a noticeable high-pitched ringing.  He supposed that was normal for a blackout.

Suddenly he realized that somebody was grabbing his shoulder, trying to roll him over on his back.  He allowed himself to be pulled over.

"Thanks." he said.  "I'm fine."  He sat up.  His temples ached, and his neck was cricked, but he resisted the urge to massage them.

"You do not seem fine."  It was the voice of a girl, concerned but also a little... irritated?

"Really," Laurel said.  "I'm fine."  He was not lying.  These attacks came and went like the weather sometimes.  In one moment he could feel like he was about to die, and in the next, everything seemed completely normal.  Jeremiah had always referred to it as a side effect.  However he was unsure how to describe this to somebody else.  "This sort of thing... well, it happens to me from time to time.  It's really not a big deal."  He stood, managing to sway only once.  He always felt a little dizzy after these attacks.

"I see," the girl said.  There was a distinct pause as she was clearly examining him.  Then she said, "If you insist."

Laurel started.  He had expected to have to do more convincing.

She continued,  "I will leave you alone then.  I should return to my training."  Her shoes made little *paf* sounds as she turned around and began to stride away.

Training...?  This must be the girl Tobin had seen from the car.  "Hold on a second," Laurel said, waving.  "Mind if I ask you something?"

The sounds stopped.  "What?"

"You're a student at Erran Valley?"

"Yes."

"Do they ever use this field?  It always seems empty."

"Not that I have seen," the girl responded.  "It is the primary reason why I am here."

Laurel chuckled.  He could understand a sentiment like that.

"Let me ask you something else then.  What are you training for?"

She did not respond immediately, and paused long enough for Laurel to wonder if she ever would.  But eventually, she spoke.  "I am training to play GDL."

"Oh, I see."  Surprising.  Very surprising.  So surprising that his mind immediately started thinking that this was some sort of ruse that Jeremiah had concocted.  No... there was no way.  He was being paranoid.  But still..  He leaned back on his heels. "GDL huh?  That virtual reality game?"

"Yes."

"And you're training on a field for it?"

"Yes."

He raised his eyebrows.  "Why?  Can't you just go to an arena?"

Again she was slow to respond.  Laurel suspected that she was uncomfortable with the conversation.  He did not blame her, but he did want to know more.  "I need to be prepared before I can go there."

"Prepared?  Like, physically?"

"Yes."

"Why?"

"Because..." she started, but then her voice grew angry.  "Because I am out of shape!  Why are you asking all these questions?"  Her voice calmed.  "I do not even know why I am answering them."

"Calm down, calm down.  Just... one more question.  One more and I'll leave you alone."

"Fine."

"What are you doing for training?"

It was an idle curiosity really.  He expected a simple response: maybe some running, some lifting, some drills.  Instead, he got something much more detailed, and much more intriguing.  She began to list off, in detail, a training regimen that was ideal for an intermediate to advanced GDL athlete, down to the rep count and rest time, for each day of the week.  It was a training regimen that Laurel knew well, for he had developed it himself.

The girl ended her explanation and gave a small sigh.  "Does that satisfy you?"

"Yes," he said.  "Yes it does."  He folded his arms.  "Though doesn't that seem a little too much?  You said you were out of shape."

"I seem to recall you saying something about 'one more question'."

"I can help you train," Laurel said, voice low.  A chilling wind blew across his face.  "Do you want to be good at GDL?"

"What are you talking about?"

"My name is Laurel Gawin.  I used to play GDL professionally.  You just regurgitated a training regimen that I have never shown anybody."







