Ada was furious.  She could not find Conscience.  On today of all days, when the impossible happens, she had taken it upon herself to vanish.  She never did that.  She was ALWAYS around.  What gave her the right to leave Ada alone?

The front door burst open as Ada kicked it, stepping through and dumping her bags unceremoniously onto the floor.  Without bothering to pull off her coat, she kicked her shoes into the corner and stomped into the kitchen.  Here she found a familiar scene.

Mother sat in her reading chair, posture stiff as she frowned at Father, who's hands where spread wide on the counter, supporting his torso as he leaned aggressively forward.  They both looked sharply at Ada as she entered, abruptly stopping whatever argument they had been having.  Ada stopped too, regarding each of them.

Father broke the standoff.  Rubbing his hands together, he leaned back and a forced smile appeared beneath his beard.  "Ah, welcome home, Adalais.  Mira and I were having a... discussion."

Mother crossed her legs and sniffed.

"But it's nothing," he continued.  "How was your day?"

Ada gave him a flat stare for a nice, long second before responding.  "It was a passable day," she said.  "Nothing to report."  Ada looked pointedly at Mother, but she did not appear to be pleased with the interruption, which was, of course, Ada's fault in her eyes.  Such was how she thought.

"That's it?" Father insisted.  "Come on, you've got to have something.  We don't send you to that expensive school so you can have boring days."  So.  A diversion. Great.  This would be a very pointless conversation.

"Nope.  Nothing particularly interesting happened."

"You were at the school after it ended right?  What were you doing?"

"Studying," she said.

"I see."

"Yes."

"That's... good."

They all stared at each other.

"This is insufferable," Ada muttered under her breath.  She turned to Father and waved a dismissive hand.  "I am going to my room.  You may resume whatever discussion you were having.  It appeared riveting."

She turned on her heel and stomped away quickly so she could pretend like she did not hear if they tried to stop her. They did not. Instead, just as she reached her room, Ada distinctly heard Mother say, "See what I mean?"

Ada opened the door, stepped inside, and shut the door behind her. She did *not* slam the door-- that would be uncouth-- but perhaps it was somewhat overly forceful.  The portrait near the door rattled and became askew.  Ada did not care though.  She was so irritated that she almost could not see straight.  She rubbed her forehead for a moment, then blinked a few times as she realized that Conscience was here in the room.  She was lounging on the bed, one leg hanging off the side, one hand stretched in front of her for some reason, staring at at it.

"Hey there," Conscience said, lazily.  "You seem in a good mood."

Ada narrowed her eyes.  "Where have you been?"

"Around," Conscience said.  She did not move from her perch on the bed and continued to stare at her hand.

"Fine.  Do not tell me."  Ada strode over to the chair at her desk and sat down.  She pulled off her socks and began massaging her feet.  They always ached so much after she ran.  She would have to find a more permanent solution to this problem.  Perhaps her shoes were not right for this sort of thing...

Over at the bed, Conscience sighed and slipped easily off the bed.  She strode over to Ada and leaned on the desk, arms folded.  "There was something odd today.  You didn't feel that?"

Ada remained stubbornly silent, intent on her feet.  Conscience continued, though, as if she expected this.

"I'm not really sure what it was.  When you were running I just felt... restless.  So, I got up and walked around.  And I sort of kept walking until that feeling went away."

Ada frowned and looked up at her.  "You felt restless?"

Conscience shrugged.  "Yeah.  Seems like the right word for it."

"So you just walked off?"

"It's hard to explain!" Conscience said, biting her lip.  "I just... I got the feeling that I needed to be anywhere but at that field.  It didn't seem like you needed me so-- I left.  I'm sorry; I didn't mean to worry you."

Ada found herself nodding slowly.  Conscience seemed genuine.  Maybe this was just some kind of quirk she was developing, maybe some kind of anxiety?  Ada made a mental note to do some research later.

"And you're good now?"

Conscience nodded.

"Well then," Ada said.  "You should know that you certainly picked the wrong day to wander off."
 
"Oh yeah?" Conscience said, raising an eyebrow.  "What happened?"

So Ada told her, all about how Laurel had suddenly appeared, how she had not recognized him at first.  How he had sort of agreed to train her.  When she talked about how she had discovered that Laurel was blind, Conscience interrupted.

"So that's why he stopped playing?"

"That seems likely."

Conscience folded her arms and tapped a toe on the carpet.  "What would make him want to train someone like you?  I mean, to him you're just some girl."

"He said I had potential."

Conscience gave Ada the flattest of stares.  "Potential?  How could he have possibly surmised that?  He doesn't know you, and, what's more, he's blind!"

"This is Laurel Gawain we are speaking about, Conscience.  He has offered to TRAIN me.  I do not think I care about much more than the fact the he thinks I am worth his time."

"You should care," Conscience said.  "I mean, doesn't this seem a little far-fetched?  A professional player shows up out of the blue and wants to train you?"

Of course it seems far-fetched!  This was ridiculous, and strange, and quite honestly all manor of other distinctly not-normal things.  But it was also an opportunity; one that Ada was not going to squander.  She clenched a fist and met Conscience gaze for gaze.  "Strange or not, Conscience, it is going to happen."

"I see."

Conscience fell silent.  The strong wind outside picked up intensity, rattling the wires hanging from the apartment complex's flagpole outside the window.  The leafless trees outside cast dancing shadows on the ground, and sometimes they flitted across the carpet in the room.  It seemed the weather too, like Conscience, was restless.

---

The next day, Ada began her training.  After school she went down to the third field to find Laurel already waiting for her.  He sat by himself on a bench on the side of the field, hands clasped patiently.  He appeared pensive as Ada approached, and she had to tap him lightly on the shoulder to break him from his thoughts.

He spun towards her.  "Ada?"

"Yes."

He nodded and stood.  "Good.  Are you ready to start?"

"Yes."

"Alright then."

That was it.  No fanfare.  No introduction.

What commenced was the hardest physical activity Ada had ever done in her life.  Laurel brought her through a seemingly endless list of various motions and exercises, many of which Ada had never done before, despite having observed and memorized Laurel's own practices.  She struggled heavily through them.   Even the ones she had been doing, she did not appear to perform them to the extent that he demanded.  He stand next to her and give terse instructions, and though he could not see her, he rattled off different things to correct so as to not form bad habits.  Correcting them often made the exercises much more difficult.  Every time he spoke he sounded disappointed.

After every set, it took Ada every last ounce of her strength and determination to stand up, wipe sweat from her eyes, and wait for Laurel to bark his next orders.  Her body screamed in protest.  Her legs wobbled.  It would end eventually.  She could not stop.  Not in front of Laurel.  That was unthinkable.  It was the one thing that kept her going.

"We're done," Laurel said.  His voice was hard, emotionless.

"Huh?"

"We're done," he repeated, louder.  "Training is over."  He put his hands in his pockets and turned away.  "I'll see you tomorrow.  Right here."  He walked off the field.

Ada stared dumbly after him for a moment before shaking herself and regaining her composure.  The sun was setting over the mountains in the west. She had been here for hours.  For a while there her mind had gone completely blank, and she had not registered time passing at all.  She could not recall much of the last part of it.  Her body did though.  It did not seem to want to move.  She had to will herself to where her bag lay and don her shoes so she could begin the grueling walk home.





