Laurel kept a strict schedule for his mornings.  The alarm on his phone rang at precisely 7:30 AM, and Laurel always stepped from his bed moments after the first sound of it.  After taking care of bodily duties, he dressed and made his way down to the kitchen, where he clicked on a gas stove and cooked his breakfast.  The meal varied depending on whatever he had available, but it was typically small and easy to digest.  After cooking it, he sat at the window-side of the compact, four-person table in his apartment, and silently ate his meal.  When finished, he cleaned his dishes, he sat down on the steps and laced his shoes.

His schedule stopped there.

The routine was habit he had formed from his GDL days.  He had always found that a consistent morning led to consistent training, which led to steady improvement.  That's what he had been focused on back then: improvement.  He had believed that putting his focus solely on a single goal and working only towards that end would be the ultimate solution to his situation.  He had been wrong.

On this particular morning, for almost a half-hour now, Laurel had sat upon the top of the stairs that led down to the front door of the apartment.  He had laced only one of his shoes, having been distracted by an errant thought.

Why did he keep this schedule?

Habit was the obvious answer.  But when Laurel thought about it, he wasn't seeking to improve anything.  Not right now.  Not anymore.

For the longest time he had been training to master the sport of GDL because he believed that it was the key to helping him to understand, but more importantly, to accept Cecilia.  That was the only way to stop his mind from fighting against her presence.  She was the reason for all his headaches, his sleepless nights, his days and days of incapacitation.  If he did not find a way to control her, he would slowly deteriorate to the point of madness.  He had seen it in the other experiments.  The only way he had ever had success was to convince his mind that her presence was correct and normal.  Over the years it had become more and more difficult as she became more and more erratic.

Then he had stepped into a GDL Capsule, and his whole mind seemed somehow different, more malleable to him and also to her, like they had come to some sort of impasse, where she would stop destroying him, and he would stop inhibiting her.  It was always more of a feeling than anything concrete that Laurel could describe.  Jeremiah had never really believed Laurel when he told him this.  He had run so many tests and experiments on the Capsules and with Laurel inside them, and he had only ever come to the conclusion that the act of playing GDL produced results which were 'well within normal bounds'.  Something was there though.  The problem was, he had never really figured out what to do about it.  His failure had planted the seed of doubt that had led him to conclude that there was no solution for him.  One day he would go crazy.  Whenever Cecilia came back was the beginning of the end.  Some part of him hoped that would never happen, that this current spell of blindness was somehow different.  He was good at lying to himself though. 

So then, why was he sitting here, one shoe on, one shoe off, acting like he always had - in the pursuit of some solution?  There wasn't any, and yet still he moved.  That girl kept popping into his head, the one he had agreed to train.  Something was odd about her, but he could never really pinpoint what.  Something about her just seemed to... remind him of something.  It was an odd feeling, but the way she acted seemed to awaken something in the back of his mind, something he knew he needed to figure out, but couldn't quite grasp.  Maybe that was why he kept going back there.

He donned his other shoe and laced it.

---

The bench that Laurel sat upon was cold, and a little wet, but he did not really mind.  His focus was on the field in front of him and the girl who now ran full sprints across it.

Ada was quite possibly the strangest person Laurel had ever met.  She had memorized the workouts he used to do in this field years ago, and only recently decided to try doing them.  She knew what to do, but did not understand why, and more importantly, refused to admit that.  She wanted to get good at GDL, but only said she had entered a Capsule once.  She had never trained her body hard for anything, yet pushed herself as hard as possible in the pursuit of that goal.  He did not understand her, but he knew that she wanted it.  Badly.  It was something that he took advantage of.

