The generated field was a hilly plain, populated with dense patches of shrubbery and wheat stalks taller than most men.  Patches of dry dirt dotted here and there, miniature crags and hard mounds creating an uneven ground on which to walk.  An overcast sky muted colors, yellow of the wheat appearing more brown, green bushes more gray, shadows more black.  Dominating the field, great black spires jutted from the ground, thirty stories high, placed at intervals as wide as their height, amalgamating into a grid that extended to the horizon.  Most of them appeared to stand proudly, pointing ever upward towards the sky.  On close inspection though, these spires were ancient things, weathered and beaten by the intense wind blowing north-south across their crumbling walls.  Cracks and rivets covered their surfaces; that most of them still remained upright in this condition was nothing short of a miracle.

Laurel stood next to one of these spires.  Having studied it, he had never seen the GDL algorithm generate something so… morbid.  It resembled a grave marker, or a staunch reminder of some past transgression, though surely nothing of note had happened upon these grassy knolls.  The hilly terrain made it difficult to see far, and from what he could tell, Laurel was alone out here.  Rearing his Enforcer back, he smashed it, hard.  The entire column disintegrated in front of his eyes, blasting chunks of stone into the sky.  Tiny bits of rubble rained down on his head, plinking off his Capsule.

Thunder clapped in the sky, and the ground shook.  Laurel jumped in surprise, then squatted to steady himself, frantically looking around. Far behind him, the telltale exhalation of Vaults sounded.  He spun to see a cloaked figure jumping from the top of a spire in the distance.  It soared high into the air, directly towards Laurel’s position.  Something about it made Laurel nervous.  It moved with a grace he had not seen in any other GDL player, flipping in a beautiful arc, arms outstretched, rotating at a slow velocity.  Laurel looked at his left hand and noticed that he wore, instead of a Grapple, a gauntlet with a swirling orange ball embedded in the knuckle.  The Grav.  He had used this before, but much preferred the Grapple.  However there was not much time to think on it.  The cloaked figure had almost reached him.  Laurel pointed his fist at the nearest spire and held the trigger.  The bulb glowed a furious orange and gravity began to pull him towards the anchor point.  He "fell" sideways.  Instinctually he flipped so his feet landed on the spire.  He absorbed the impact, crouching in anticipation, using a hand to steady himself on the dirt in front of his face.

With a massive impact, the figure landed right where Laurel had been standing not a few moments ago.   When the dust cleared, Laurel saw the figure, kneeling on one knee inside a crater twenty feet in radius.  It raised its hood towards Laurel.  Without thinking, Laurel smashed the glowing orb on his Grav and activated his Vaults at the same moment, angling his head just above the crater.  He blasted like a rocket towards the figure.  He reserved just enough momentum to rear his Enforcer back, ready to smash whatever it was into pieces.  Suddenly a tingle spread through his body, time stopped for the briefest few milliseconds, and then he crashed into the ground, somersaulting up the face of a small knoll, what clattering across his face.  As soon as he came to his senses, he rolled to his knees.  A Swapper.  Laurel had not noticed it.  The figure was shrouded in that accursed cloak.  That he had enough time to use it meant that he had activated it long before Laurel jumped.  The maneuver impressed even Laurel.

Pain lanced his left side as an unseen Enforcer collided with his rib cage.  He tumbled into another spire, smashing the base and falling forward.  The huge pillar cracked ominously up the length, then split in half.  It began to topple down right on top of him.  Laurel tried to activate his Vaults, but they fizzled out, having sustained too much damage.  He tried to push himself out of the way, but more pain shot through his ribs, and he growled, laying back.

He could not move.  The spire was going to fall on him.

A Grapple attached itself to his foot, and pulled him out of the falling spire moments before it crashed into the ground.  Laurel zipped through prickly bushes and grass, wheat slapping his face as he skidded helplessly on the ground.  He ended up face down, forehead in a pile of dirt, wincing.

"Are you alright?" said a familiar voice.  With difficulty, Laurel put a gauntleted hand in the dirt and pushed himself over.  Above him stood Ada in a Capsule of all white armor, Grapple whipping back into position on her left fist.

"What are you doing here?" he asked, though his voice came out thick and groggily, like he had hit his head too hard.

She bit her lip in vexation.  "Just… stay here," she said.  Vaults activated in the distance, and Ada looked up, a worried expression on her face.  "Don’t move."

She pointed her Grapple straight ahead of her and suddenly she was gone.  Laurel heard the sounds of Enforcers and Vaults and Grapples, but he could not see anything from the ground.  Gingerly, he got to his knees and pushed himself up against another nearby spire.  He looked up into the gray sky.

Ada and the figure flipped masterfully in the air above, she Vaulting and Grappling with incredible precision, it using barbaric strength to stay in the sky and remain in close pursuit.  They jumped from spire to spire, each of which crumbled and began to topple over with the force inflicted upon their brittle composition.  The structures cascaded down in a domino effect, puffing into huge clouds dirt and dust and rock.  Laurel tried to get to his feet, ignoring his pain, to help Ada.  He aimed aimed his Grav at the spire behind him.

"Don’t you dare!" Ada shouted in the distance, right before he pulled the trigger.  "Stay right there!"

Laurel hesitated.  She was in serious danger.  Whatever that thing was had such incredible control here that it had even got the best of him.  They both needed to get away from it before somebody got injured.  He gritted his teeth and activated his Grav.  He fell into the pillar roughly, but got to his feet and started limping up it.  If he could just get to the top, he could anticipate a trajectory and knock it off balance.

The figure turned its attention to the spire Laurel stood upon.  It immediately lost focus of Ada, and Vaulted towards him.

"What are you doing!" Ada yelled.

Laurel’s eyes widened as he realized he could not get away.  His Vaults still malfunctioned, and he could not jump.  He tried to smash the ball on his Grav, but did not have the strength to lift his Enforcer.  His eyes widened.

Ada’s grapple landed on his shoulder, and again pulled him away.  He narrowly avoided an impact with the figure’s Enforcer, hanging in limbo as he flew sideways.  Ada accelerated towards him though, her own Enforcer cocked back.  Laurel winced, but she passed him, having released the Grapple just in time.  She was headed straight for the figure who now stood at the base of the spire, waiting for her.  Laurel saw what was going to happen too late.

"Wait!" he shouted.  But Ada’s momentum carried her into the blow.  A tingling sensation engulfed Laurel, one of the Swapper, and he found an Enforcer shoved through the middle of his stomach, ripping a hole through his body...

*BEEP* *BEEP* *BEEP* *BEEP* *BEEP* *BEEP* *BEEP* *BEEP* *BEEP* *BEEP*

Laurel jolted awake at the sound of his alarm.  Unconsciously, both hands went to his stomach, a feeling of soreness purveying his abdomen, like he had been clenching while he slept.  His nightmare faded quickly as he reached for his phone and stopped the racket it was still making.  Rubbing his temples, he slid his legs over the bed and began his day.

The night had been his most restless in a while.  He had woken up every hour or so, unable to get his body to commit to a deep sleep.  He was not surprised of this though.  This was the day that he was supposed to see Ada back on the field, to discover if she was serious about learning GDL from him.

Since he had come back from that strange meeting, he could not keep his mind from thinking on it.  The one day he goes back to that field, there’s some girl on it, evidently dedicated to training GDL, an echo of Laurel himself.  He had never put much stock in fate, but events like these shook his confidence.  Laurel had to consider his situation: he was blind, could not play GDL, and his existence had been next to miserable for the past few months.  He had thought he needed to live this way for the rest of his life, and was indeed prepared to do so.  But with Ada, maybe there was at least some way out.  What if he could focus on somebody else instead of himself?

He started toying with the idea of actually committing to training her.  What would he do?  How would he mold her into a great player?  Drawing from his experience, Laurel’s mind worked overtime to construct a vast tree of practice options, branches accommodating for different unknowns about her personality or physical ability that he would come to learn as they spent more time together.  Before long he had created a full potential plan.  He could not have stopped himself if he wanted to.  It was actually vaguely interesting and kept his mind off his blindness.

Of course all this depended upon whether or not she actually had the desire and ability to do what he said.  This could all be for naught; Ada could not show up today.  In this case, Laurel would have no choice but to resume the original plan of existing in misery.  He chose not to think about it.

When of his intentions regarding Ada, Antonia was less than thrilled.  She argued that he should not be spending time with some random high school girl in the hopes that it would make him feel better.  He should be focusing on himself, to pull himself out of this depression.  As far as she was concerned, it was the only way for him to move on.  She felt so strongly that, when Laurel made it perfectly clear that he indeed planned to pursue training Ada, she stopped coming over to his house in protest.  Laurel had not seen her since New Year’s day.

But that was fine.  Antonia definitely had a childish nature about her, and was susceptible to tantrums.  She would come back after some time and return to her normal self.

Laurel went about his normal morning routine today, dressing, making breakfast, and laying out his coat.  He noticed that he had a certain anxious quickness as he walked about.  Sitting at the table, he tried to calm down.  Today, whatever happened, happened.  He should not be throwing his whole mindset off for some vague responsibility.  He had done that too many times in his life already.

After having finished his breakfast, Laurel found that he still paced restlessly about his house.  He did not need to go to the field for another hour at least.  But sitting around here did not make him feel great.  He decided just to go there and wait for Ada to show up.  Throwing on his coat and grabbing his keys, he opened the door to his apartment.

"Oh, Mr. Gawin!  It’s a pleasure to see you outside again."  Standing in front of him was his neighbor, an elderly lady who for the most part kept to herself, except when one of her cats got out and she had to go search for it.  Laurel had spoken with her only once since coming back from the hospital, and she had been most gracious about his blindness, offering to make him tea any time he was feeling down.

"Hello Mrs. Potsdum."

"I was just about to knock on your door.  Did you realize that you have a package?"

Laurel frowned.  "No, I did not."  Mrs. Potsdum handed him a box.  It was a bit larger than his hand and surprisingly heavy for its size.

"I’m sorry, I don’t know how long it has been there," she said.  "I only just stepped outside myself."

"Thank you," Laurel said, shaking it a little bit.  Something rattled around inside.  "Could you tell me who it is from?"

"Err..." Mrs. Potsdum leaned forward.  Laurel held the box up, and she twisted it around.  "It doesn’t have a return address.  But somebody wrote in marker on the bottom.  It says ‘Laurel’s Christmas Gift’.  Well it’s a bit late for that, isn’t it?"

"Yes," Laurel said.  "It is."  He knew where that package had come from now.  He grimaced.  "Thank you, Mrs. Potsdum.  Sorry, but I have somewhere to be."  Package in hand, he made his way around her and walked to the steps.  However, instead of heading down the street, he turned back into the complex.  A few steps forward, he put his hand on a metal gate, and swung it open.  Then he lifted the lid to the dumpster inside and tossed the package into it.  He spun around and proceeded on his journey to the field.
