The painted portrait of a well-dressed man, featuring a velvet coat of dark purple and elaborately embroidered cuffs with golden buttons, hung upon a wall at the back of the apartment.  The man was middle-aged, indicated by small creases here and there upon his face, but he still sported elegant blond hair; long, smooth, flowing, and tied in a regal top knot with a red ribbon.  His gaunt cheeks reflected a stern countenance, accentuated by sharp eyebrows and pursed lips.  The canvas upon which he had been painted was very old, the thatching having been repaired in several places, and some obvious scuffs blemished the corners.  The man in the portrait paid no heed to these imperfections.  He gazed out over the room with a certain confidence; one surveying his domain, exuding total ownership and expectations of admiration for it.

A clock on the opposite wall ticked, the only sound in the room, its face showing precisely 4:15.  The water-stained wallpaper behind it had been scratched and torn in several places, an ever so slightly discolored paint had been hastily applied to the worst of the splotches.  A few nails and screws jutted from the wall, places where pictures or other such decorations should have hung, but were no longer there.  At the foot of the wall, an overflowing trashcan provided attracted several flies. They buzzed around the mass of garbage, crawling atop a piece of mostly-eaten bread, green and blue mold visible on the remaining crust.  The wooden floor beneath, rough and scratched, was considerably dirty and littered with crumbs, having not been swept for a long while.

A four-person table and chairs were shoved into a cramped corner by the only window in the room, through which shone an early-morning beam of sun, highlighting specks of dust in the air.  Plates from a previous night’s dinner, a red tomato sauce having congealed around the grooves on the edges, were stacked on the corner of the table, dirty napkins and utensils strewn about next to them.  A bowl of almost black bananas and n empty roll of paper towels laid upon the counter top between the table and kitchen.  Further dirty plates and pots obstructed the sink in the kitchen, these several days, if not weeks old. A clog had backed up the water inside the sink, bits of food floating in between the kitchenware.  An open cabinet door showed a mostly-bare pantry, with only a few cans of canned green beans and expired hot sauce packets having been pushed into the back corners.  The light switch near the fridge was flipped on, but neither of the two ceiling lights were lit.

At the opposite end of the room, upon a lumpy, green couch, a young woman slept on her stomach.  Her long, blond hair tangled in clumps about her face. She snored into a cushion, head buried in the corner of the couch, and she clutched a thin blanket around her shoulders.  The blanket was small, and despite her feet curled into her chest, a few toes poked from beneath it.  The coffee table next to her held several empty beer cans and bottles, a few shot glasses, and several torn bits of paper.  Duct tape ran the length of the rug below the couch and table, withered edges curling upwards sticky parts covered in carpet lint.  A television remote lay upside down on the floor, batteries taken from the back of it.

The man in the portrait oversaw all these things from this vantage on the wall, and despite the room's less-than-stellar appearance, he still appeared to look out at it proudly.  That was the wonderful thing about portraits.  They could not judge.  However, there was one thing odd about him.  From his position, two doors were visible.  The first was a very normal door.  It was the front door; the one leading outside.  A rusty deadbolt kept it firmly closed and the dirt-caked welcome mat beneath it looked about to split into two pieces the next time somebody stepped on it.  But the second door, an oak door at the end of a hallway adjacent to the couch, seemed much more... sinister.   Although it appeared on first glance otherwise unremarkable - perhaps slightly taller than normal, and rather sturdy-looking - something about the way it stood seemed macabre.  The natural light from the window in the kitchen did not touch the hallway it stood in, and thin cracks ran along the base of the door, signs that it had been slammed many times.  Perhaps it was a trick of the low lighting, but the man in the portrait appeared tilted slightly away from that hallway, seeming to avert his eyes from that oak door.

With a small *click*, the the handle turned and the door opened.

Crossing with quick steps into the hallway, Jesse carefully closed the door behind her and made her way into the kitchen, her footfalls causing the floor to creak loudly.

The woman on the couch, whose name was Felicity, moaned slightly.  She rolled over and shivered as the blanket exposed bare shoulders.  She blinked a few times, dazed.

"Jesse?" she asked groggily.

Reaching into a drawer and pulling out a small, plastic container, Jesse threw threw it onto Felicity's lap.  "Get up.  They need you in the Alley."

Felicity blinked again, then she recognized the container for what it was: Waker pills.  "I don't need this," she whined, pushing the plastic container off of her legs.  It clattered to the floor, the two or three pills inside rattling like a maraca.  "I don't need any more."

"Get up, then," Jesse repeated.  "You're missing your shift."

In response Felicity sighed, and pulled the small blanket over her shoulders, curling back into a ball.  "Coramc's taken care of it."

Jesse's lips contorted into a thin line.  "You can't do this, anymore.  You can't rely on him."

"It's just a favor," came Felicity's muffled voice from beneath the blanket.

"He wants you to be in his debt."

Felicity's voice developed that floaty wistfulness of mooning over a lover. "He's so good to me, isn't he?"

Jesse's fist hit the counter.  "You and the rest of his harem!"

"Don't be silly."  Felicity reached a hand upward and pointed at the ceiling.  She formed a gun with her fingers and fired an imaginary bullet.  "You know what I'd do-- if that were true."  Jesse eyed Felicity's forearm.  The veins appeared swollen and dark.  A sure sign of overdose recovery.

"Felicity..."  Jesse reached to her temples, rubbing them.  Even if she could convince Felicity to go to work, she was in no fit state to actually do it.  Apparently she was much worse off than Jesse had realized.  Jesse groaned.  Oh how she hated her sister. "I'm going over there.  We can't afford you losing that job."

"Oh?" Felicity mumbled. "I thought you wouldn't debase yourself anymore."

The slamming of the front door was Jesse's response.

While she remained in that apartment Jesse could be sure to feel two things.  First, shame at the state her living quarters and by some extension the situation her life was in right now.  She was better than this.  But it seemed every time she took a step to pull her out of this dump, she was pushed pushed back two strides by something out of her control.  The shame wasn't precisely for her situation, but for her inability to properly cope with it.

And the second thing Jesse felt?  It was anger.  Anger directed specifically at that pompous old man in the portrait above the fireplace.  He looked down at everything as if it were okay, ignoring all the hardships and distasteful things he wrought.  Without his miserable soul having existed, none of the disastrous life Jesse had led up until now would have occurred.  Without him, Jesse wouldn't have to go such great lengths just to live with a semblance of normality.

---

The Alley was the name of a moderately-small bar, a lone shack nestled between a towering box of an office building and the concrete wall of the the largest Tyzon warehouse in the city.  It happened to be the only place of recreation for several blocks, and often attracted Tyzon employees upon the end of their shifts in that warehouse.  In Jesse's experience, these people were more often than not, quite the partiers.  A Tyzon warehouse worker must have been quite a stressful job, because the majority of them stayed in that bar very late, often remaining at the bar well past midnight, refusing to admit the the night had ended.  They liked loud music, endless varities of alcohol - building up tabs that made Jesse's eyes pop - and on most nights at least somebody had to be thrown bodily out of the double front doors.  This kind of atmosphere attracted a certain kind of man, the kind Jesse knew all too well she needed to stay away from.  Yet, also the kind with whom she also found herself forced to cavort.

Jesse strode firmly through the double doors at the front and surveyed the inside.  The place was still mostly empty at a time like this - in the early evening, before work shifts ended - though some early birds and regulars dotted the here and there, hunched over their drinks or phones and mostly keeping to themselves.

Jesse sought out the only round table in the bar, near the register in the back, where a pair of men sat.  The first was Cormac, easily recognizable from his haircut: left half a tumbling mass of brown hair, right half, shaved to stubble. His booted feet were propped up on a nearby chair, his arms spread wide around two others, gloved hands clasping the corners.  His customary sneer adorned his angular face as he shot words towards an impossibly thin bartender unstacking chairs at a nearby table.  Jesse did not recognize her, but she knew the type.  She sported the standard outfit of a female bartender here: two pieces of tightly-fitting leather that could barely pass as one step further than underwear.  She was laughing nervously as Cormac spoke.

"Come on over.  I'm in a good mood today."  He had a way of speaking that made his voice stick out more than any other in the room, though he never shouted.  "We can start early."

A second man sat at the table beside Cormac.  Arnold, a bearlike figure who was 6'8" when standing and possessed forearms thicker than Jesse's legs, was the owner of this bar.  Four shot glasses stood in front of him, a fifth in his hands.  He washed it thoroughly and precisely with a damp cloth, the motion reflecting the neon lights lining the corners between wall and ceiling.  Unlike Cormac he was completely bald; a tattoo of a black fleur-de-lis wrapped its way around his neck up the back of his head.  Those who knew Arnold also knew not to ask him about it.  The subject always put him in a foul mood.  When he was angry, the whole bar got dangerous.

Jesse picked her way over to them, threading her way between the rickety barstools and wobbly tables scattered around the sitting area.  When she got close, Cormac's eyes slid off of the bartender he was harassing and they fell upon Jesse.

"Well, if it isn't the beautiful sister of my finance.  You here to join us?"

Ignoring him, Jesse turned her attention to Arnold.  "Felicity won't be coming for her shift today."

Arnold kept polishing the glass.  "Yep.  Cormac told me."

Jesse shot a hard glare at Cormac.  He gave a venomous smile back.  She wanted to throw up, but stifled the feeling and instead turned her attention back to Arnold.

"I'm willing to do it," she said through tight lips.  "Just please... don't fire her."

With an eyebrow raised, Arnold scanned her up and down.  "Thought you said you wouldn't do that anymore."

"Just this once," Jesse said.  Her voice quivered slightly, and she put her palm on the table to steady herself.  "So long as Felicity keeps her job."

To the side, Cormac whistled.  "That's what they all say."  He flicked a piece of lint from his sleeve and flashed that disgusting, knowing smile.  "Even the good ones."

Arnold folded his thick arms, sitting up straight.  He dwarfed the little bar stool, and it groaned and creaked as if it were about to give out.  "You realize this is the third time this month?"

"She will get better.  She just needs more time."

He chuckled at that, a low rumble that resembled a minor earthquake.  "Well, you're in luck today."  He nodded towards the bar where the nervous-looking bartender was eying their table with a sideways glance.  "Julia's the replacement for her today.  You can thank Cormac for that."

Cormac nodded, leering at Julia.  "A fine catch."

She noticed him looking at her and started, walking stiffly away as fast as she could.

"So," Arnold shrugged, looking at Jesse. "There's actually no need for you here.  Though I wouldn't mind some extra help."  His eyes ran up the length of her body.

Jesse clenched her teeth.  "Promise me you won't fire Felicity.  She NEEDS this."

"She's fine," Cormac said off-handedly.  "Honestly - no offense Arnold - but I think she should wrap it up here. She's good and all, but she just doesn't have to work as long as I can help her out."  He shrugged and winked at Jesse.  "This one on the other hand.  Well, she'll always be a sight to see."  He really loved to see her squirm, to dig those nails in as far as possible.

Jesse did her best to ignore him.  It was very, very hard.  "I will get her to come back," she said.  "And she will be consistent.  I promise."

Arnold continued to polish the glass, though it was well beyond the point where it was clean.  Finally he put it down.  "I guess I can overlook today."

Jesse let out the breath she had been holding.  "Good," she said, almost as a whisper.

"Make no mistake though," Arnold said.  "I'd not say that if Cormac hadn't gotten Julia to come back today.  That sister of yours is on thin ice for sure."

"I guess you owe me another one, gorgeous," Cormac said.  He slid his boots slid off the chair and they clunked on the floor.  "Though I'd have loved to see you behind that bar again.  It suits you."

She glared at him.

"Oh come on now?  How about a little 'thank you?', eh?"  He stood then, and took a step around the table towards her.  "It's really the least you could do."

Jesse took a guarded step away from him.  "You didn't do Felicity any *favors*," she spat.  "She needs this.  She can't keep relying on you."

"Should a wife not depend on her husband?"

"You're not married yet."

"We will be," he said, grinning.  He took another step towards her, and Jesse began to reach behind her back.  He noticed the motion, and his grin became wider.  Then abruptly he laughed; a hearty, full bellied guffaw that had him bent over double.  Jesse regarded him carefully as it faded, and he leaned on a chair for support.  "One of these days, Jesse.  You'll warm up to me."

Jesse's face tightened.

A shot glass clunked on the table, and Arnold interrupted them.  "You really are in a good mood, aren't you?"

Abruptly Cormac's attention left Jesse.  He looked at Arnold.  "Why, yes, I am.  I got a little task from one of my Tyzon contacts.  The best kind.  Lucrative and easy.  Thought you could help me with it, old friend."  He walked back to his chair, where a suede overcoat hung.  He rummaged inside for a bit before pulling out a small pen-sized stick.  He tossed it onto the table, where it rolled a few times before finally stopping at a small dimple inlayed on the tip.  It buzzed slightly, then began to hum as a holographic screen winked into view above the table.  Arnold leaned closer to study the text displayed on it.

"You know any of those girls?" Cormac asked, pointing at the screen.  "I've picked out ones I thought I might have seen here once or twice."  He indicated a few highlighted sections.

"A couple," Arnold murmured.  "What do you want from them?"

"Just want to get to know them," Cormac said, with a casual shrug.  "If you can point out a few, I'd be very happy."

Arnold shook his head, a large hand coming up to the back of his neck.  "I'm not even gonna ask.  This sounds like trouble."

"It's not!  They're just paying for info, that's all."

Jesse frowned.  She too had been leaning over, examining the contents of the screen.  It contained the quite-detailed profiles of several high-school-aged girls: pictures, names, birth-dates, descriptions, and, curiously, a curt description of their parentage.  Almost a hundred in all.  They were grouped by what school they attended, and as Jesse scanned, her eyes fell upon an entry for Erran Valley.  A single student was listed inside it.  Adalais Eldridge.  The name was not among the highlighted entries.

Arnold continued his objection.  "They're paying to know about a bunch of high-schoolers?  That's bad business."

"You hire them all the time!"

Arnold grumbled. "That's different.  Last thing I want is attention."  He rubbed his bald head again.  "Sounds like trouble."

"Maybe I need to be more persuasive."  Cormac dropped back into his chair.  "No worries, I got time!"  He leaned his head back over the top of his chair, closed his eyes, and shouted, "Julia!  Can I get a little SERVICE here!"

A squeak sounded from across the bar, followed by the breaking of glass.

"Always had been skittish," Cormac muttered beneath his breath.  He suddenly perked up and glanced at Jesse.  "You sticking around too, sweetheart?  Drinks on me.  The party is just starting."

Jesse swallowed a lump that had formed in her throat. That list gave her an uneasy feeling.  She fixed Cormac with hard stare.  "What are you going to do to those girls?"

"Me?" Cormac threw his hands up defensively. "Nothing! Nothing at all! If I didn't know any better I'd think you were accusing me of wanting to kidnap 'em." He wagged a finger at Jesse.  "Come now.  No need for that."

Abruptly he tilted his head to the side and frowned, then he glanced back at the holographic list. "Come to think of it...  You're still in school too, aren't you?  You know any of these ladies?"

"If I did, I wouldn't tell you about them," Jesse said, coldly.

He laughed.  "I just want an introduction, thats all.  More than their digits.  Face to face."

"What do you want with them?"

Cormac ignored her, having diverted his attention back to the list.  "Let's see.  You still go to that uppity prep school, right?  Erran Valley?  Of course you do.  What about this one?  Adalais Eldridge?"  He pronounced the name like he was chewing a particularly stale piece of gum.

Shivers rattled through Jesse.  "No," she responded, shakily.  "I don't know her."

"Oh come on.  You've at least seen her right?"

"I haven't!" She shouted, and immediately regretted it.  She began to willfully slow her breaths to regain some semblance of control of her uneasiness.

Cormac's eyebrows rose.  "Huh." He said.  "She your friend or something?"

"No," Jesse said, almost a whisper.  She took a large gulp of air.  "What do you want with them?"

For a long moment Cormac gave her a penetrating stare.  Jesse met it as stoically as she could.  She had calmed down enough now, though still she was not sure how convincing she was being.  It was impossible to know what that awful man was thinking behind his dark eyes.

After what seemed like an hour, Cormac turned back to the list.  "I'm not interested in them at all.  Just want to know if they're... special."

"Special?"

"Yeah.  Different, you know.  That's what they want to know anyway."

"Tyzon?"

"Yeah."

"Why?"

"You ask an awful lot a questions--" Cormac raised his voice suddenly. "-- of a MAN. WITHOUT. A DRINK!"  He slammed the table.  At the bar, Julia shot an anxious glance his way.  He let out a sigh.  "So what about it, Jesse?  You gonna tell me about... about this girl?"  He patted the chair next to him.

Something about this did not add up, but it was clear to Jesse that Cormac was not going to tell her any more about it right now.  Why would Tyzon hire a man like Cormac to look for - among other girls - Adalais Eldridge, a freshmen at one of the most prestigious high schools in the nation?  She knew what he did, even when he tried to hide it.  A 'talent scout' he called himself.  She wanted to spit.  He was lying, but Jesse did not know how.  She wanted to know more, but there was no way she was going to stay here and try to weasel more information from that pig.

Jesse turned to Cormac.  "No, I'm leaving.  If you're looking for interesting girls, you should probably not look at the ones from Erran Valley.  They aren't really your type."