The dim light of an overcast morning provided the only illumination for the indoor atrium of Erran Valley High School.  Though somewhat dim, the light was adequate for the sparse sets of students who made their steady way into the building.  They threaded automatically between four, tall pillars, an arm span in diameter, which held up the massive skylight, as they continued on their way to their lockers.  They sorted themselves by year in the hallways beyond.  First and second years stayed on the first floor.  Third and fourth went up a flight of stairs to the second.  Beneath the third of these pillars, watching students backs as they strode by her, Jesse sat with crossed legs, her sketchpad on her lap.  It lay blank, as it had since she sat down earlier this morning.  She had intended to use the opportunity to sketch the atrium, but found that she held little motivation right now.  Arnold's list bothered her.

Jesse had spent some time pouring over it, wondering why a company like Tyzon had any particular interest in the people on this list.  It only held ten names, all students, most of which Jesse either knew or at the very least knew of.  None of them had any apparent connection. They were distributed roughly evenly through each grade - though there were four first-years.  None of them held any special relation to each other, to Jesse's knowledge, and none of them were particularly active in anything regarding the school, let alone Tyzon.  They were all just normal students.  What was so interesting about that?  Arnold would not be pleased with Jesse reporting on the daily activities of normal students.  There was no way he would pay her for that.  What she needed was an interesting lead.  She had settled on one particular name on the list: Adalais Eldridge.  Adalais was the only person on the list that Jesse did not really know.  Sure, she had run into the girl the other day with Otis, but that event was hardly conclusive of personality.  At the very least she had seemed fairly interesting.

So for a few days Jesse had hung around the first-years, asking around, and she had discovered that Adalais Eldridge was infamous among them for her general 'unapproachable-ness' - though, Jesse had heard different, more unsavory adjectives.  Most who had any contact with Adalais disliked her for her blatant rudeness, often citing incidents where she ignored kind gestures or attempts at conversation.  One boy in particular claimed that Adalais's only prerogative in life was to make every boy she crossed feel like the stupidest person alive.  An odd person to be sure, thought that still did not explain why Arnold would have any interest in her.  Jesse decided to do a little surveillance.

The time neared closer and closer to the 7:30, the start of classes, and the frequency of students passing by Jesse increased.  She had abandoned all thoughts of sketching, the pencil hanging limply from her hand as she waited.  It had to be soon right?  Adalais did not seem like the type of student to be tardy.

Five minutes until classes started. Maybe today she was absent?  That would be unfortunate.  Perhaps a few more minutes, then she really had to go.

The last stragglers were making their way in, their backpacks bouncing up and down as they jogged to their lockers in the hopes of beating the clock.  One minute before the bell Rang. Jesse sighed and stood up.  What a waste of time that was.  And in all likelihood she'd have to do it again.  Maybe she should come up with a different plan.

Just as Jesse took her first step away from the pillar, Adalais Eldridge walked briskly past the column, face intent, backpack slung over her left arm, and a large duffel bag over her right.  She continued towards the first-year hallway, and Jesse noticed she had a slight limp in her left leg.  She frowned, but followed a little behind her, stopping at the edge of the hallway and peering down it.  Adalais quickly opened a locker in the first set, forth from the right - Jesse took mental note of this - then hung her backpack and that other bag inside, grabbed a pencil box and book, and walked not ten steps behind her into the math classroom.  As the door closed behind her, the loudspeakers played the start-of-class chime.

Jesse sighed again.  Of course.  Maybe Adalais had known Jesse would try to spy on her today and had done this on purpose.  That was stupid, and Jesse knew it.  Perhaps she deserved it.  Resigned to her tardiness, Jesse walked away.

As the day progressed Jesse began to build a picture of the girl.  Unsurprisingly Adalais's reputation had clearly spread among all the first-years.  Not a single one attempted to speak with her, and wherever she walked, groups of them made way, all attempting to ignore her as thoroughly as possible.  That was certainly expected, but Jesse noticed other things.  Adalais was very meticulous and very diligent, using second period's off hour to work on an assignment, then eating lunch for precisely ten minutes before gathering up her things and working on another assignment.  This puzzled Jesse.  Adalais seemed like a girl who would easily have her work done on time, so why did she need to work now.  Maybe she was getting ahead?  She supposed it did not matter.

And something else.  She seemed to... talk to herself sometimes.  Jesse was never close enough to catch what she was saying, but certainly her lips were moving.  Maybe that was a tic of hers?  More speculation.

The school day drew almost to a close, and true to her mannerisms, Adalais had apparently not spoken to a single other student for the entire day.  Jesse could not confirm this was true in the classroom, but she suspected it was true.  That thought fascinated Jesse, who had been accosted several times today by various students, among them Otis, who wanted to know why she looked so furtive, Vivi, who wanted to eat lunch, and Eva and Mildred who of course wanted to invite Jesse shopping after school.  It was just strange to think about.  For Adalais to speak with no one?  How was that possible?  The question hung in her mind as the day drew to an end.

It was 4:00.  The majority of students had either left the school or were engaged in some club activities - soccer players drilled on the topside field near the entrance of the school, cross-country runners jogged out towards the city of Denver in groups of two or three, some third-years kicked around a hacky-sack near the picnic benches beside the parking lot, and Jesse leaned against the concrete gazebo at the very edge of the school grounds.  It was built atop a small hill, and gave a perfect view of the majority of the school grounds.  However, Jesse did not look back towards the school where the large majority of the school grounds were, but instead she gazed north, out at a field that was cut off from the rest.  It was here where Adalais of all people was now running dead sprints at tight intervals at the behest of a lone figure sitting peacefully on a nearby bench.  It was an odd site, that girl, running so intensely.  Her limp from this morning was gone, Jesse noticed.  Maybe she was ignoring it.

For the past half hour, Jesse had been debating whether or not it would be prudent to go down there and ask what was going on.  Ada surely would not take kindly to that, but this unexpected happenstance intrigued Jesse, and she found herself curious.  Very curious.

What she found truly strange the man.  Something about him was... off.  He had not moved an inch since Jesse had begun observing.  He gave instructions to Adalais whenever she approached him, but he did not demonstrate anything.  He did not appear to watch her perform his instructions either.  He did not appear to offer encouragement or praise.  It was all very odd.

Jesse ultimately decided to wait until their training session was over.  It would be less complicated if she could question this man without Adalais around.  Maybe he would be more forthcoming.  So she waited and watched as Adalais was run through a gamut of training that, to Jesse's eyes, resembled a difficult military regimen.  And Adalais did it all.  By the end, she looked exhausted, but still continued; struggling, but never stopping.  Impressive.  Well, more-so than most.

The sun had begun to set by now, and a cold wind sprouted goosebumps on Jesse's arms.  She rubbed them furiously as she picked her way out of the gazebo and moved quickly towards the field, using a rarely-trodden concrete path that, until today, she had not even known existed.  It was quite a bit longer than she suspected, featuring several switchbacks, a large set of stairs, and a bridge beneath a road that lead out of the north entrance out of the school's complex.  She was somewhat out of breath when she came upon the edge of the field, near the third parking lot.  She could understand now why Otis had complained of walking up from here.  It was really far from the school!

She caught the man still sitting on his bench.  Adalais was nowhere in sight.

"Hey," she called, stopping a few feet away from him.  He turned towards her, and Jesse shivered; not because of the cold.  The first thing she noticed were his eyes.  They were unfocused and unmoving.  She had seen the like before; the eyes of a man without his vision.  She had seen it in her uncle, whose sense had waned more and more as he grew older and older until he passed away.  Very strange.

"Oh.  Hi there," he replied.  "Are you another student?" He had a relatively deep voice for his below-average frame.  Jesse suspected that he would not be much taller than her if he stood up.  His attire was of cheap material, colorless pants and shirt covered with a dusty cloth jacket.  His hands sat idle in the pockets.

"I am," Jesse said.  "Name's Jesse."

"Laurel," he replied.  He held out a hand.  Jesse hesitated a moment before stepping forward and shaking it.  His grip was firm and confident.

"I just had a question for you," Jesse said, letting go.  "I saw you training my friend, and I was wondering: how well do you know Adalais?"

Jesse observed him carefully.  There was more here than it seemed, and she wanted to know if this man, Laurel, would lie to her.  "Not very well, actually.  I only met her a few days ago."  He had no obvious tells.  Inconclusive.

"I see," she said, biting her lip.  "And you're out here training her for something?"

"You could say that," he responded. Very slightly his eyebrows furrowed and his lips flattened.  "She asked me to help her out."

"In what way?"

A small smile crept onto his lips.  "You ask a lot of questions, Jesse."

"Just curious."

He pulled his hands from his pockets, anchored them on the bench, and stood.  "If you want to know what your friend is doing out here, I suggest you ask her yourself."  He turned away.  "I don't really feel like sticking around and answering questions."

He left Jesse standing there, glaring suspiciously after him.