On Wednesday morning, Ada awoke with some soreness, but she felt much better than the previous few days.  It gave her a surge of confidence.  She was finally improving! It was immediately extinguished as she caught sight of her backpack, and the unfinished homework inside.   She walked downstairs and poured herself a bowl of cereal for breakfast, mind working furiously as she tried to determine a time when she could finish it.  Her first two classes were back-to-back, and both ill advised times to risk finishing another class's assignment during the lecture.  The first was literature, and Mr. Watson had a particular tick where he did not allow anything on students desk for large portions of his class, claiming that students should work on their listening skills more often.  The second was Mr. Staples's calculus class, and she would drop dead before getting caught not focusing in his class.   This was the day she would formally begin to train with Proud.  It felt good.  She simply had to get through the school day, which had never been a problem for her.  She did not even feel the cold as she walked to school, stored her backpack in her locker, and proceeded to her first class.

The general hum and bustle of students reverberated off the plaster walls of the U.S. History classroom.  Chairs scraped across carpet, books hit upon desks, and papers fluttered from folders.  The first class of the new year held a certain excitement, marking a return to normalcy from the perhaps too brief festivities of winter break.  The room appeared brighter than it had in the first semester, though most likely this was due to the whitewashed fakeness of fluorescent lighting, which supplied most of the classroom’s visibility and required some time for the eye to adjust.

Making certain to avoid unnecessary conversation with the cliques and groups clumping about the room - it had gotten much easier to do this since the first semester - Ada threaded her way between desks and chairs, taking an open seat in the column furthest from the door.  A few rows in front of Ada, at the teacher’s desk, stood Mrs. Marish, a middle-aged woman, short, wearing a grey cardigan and slacks.  She was unloading her book bag on her chair, sorting what looked to be a heavy sack into two separate piles.  A stack of paper resided on the corner of her desk, clearly copies of the semester syllabus and a folded card lay next to this stack, the words "Take One," scrawled in hasty, blocky lettering.

Mrs. Marish gazed at Ada as she approached the desk and took a syllabus.  Having never interacted with this particular teacher before, Ada inclined her head respectfully, though she also did not speak. She turned and walked back to her desk, adjusting the scrunchy on her ponytail to appear unconcerned.  Just from a glance, Ada could see that this teacher seemed stern, humorless, and harsh, a persona which required a certain manipulation to remain in her good graces.  Ada sat down, aligning her pencil box in the top right corner and centering the syllabus in front of her.  She crossed her legs and waited patiently for class to begin.
 
The clock a few feet above Ada’s head struck eight, and the tell-tale beep of the bell played through the loudspeaker next to it.  Slowly the room dispersed into desks.  A rather loud group of senior girls took residence in front of Ada - the loudest and most obnoxious shrew among them directly in front of her.  Even in her good mood, a vein began to pulse in Ada’s temple.  Sitting behind this one might cause difficulties with Mrs. Marish eventually, but it was certainly too late to switch seats.

A blue-headbanded girl who might have been shorter than Ada, walked down the aisle and tossed her books on the desk behind Ada.  A quick glance was all Ada needed to know about her: clearly a sports player, her casual appearance included a basketball jersey and shorts - despite the cold weather - and her overly large shoes were polished a pristine white.  Ada scrunched her nose.  Somehow this girl was more irritating than the one sitting in front of her.

Mrs. Marish still had her back to the class, sorting books onto piles.  As the din of talking students lessened, she spoke offhandedly.  "Grab a syllabus if you haven’t yet.  We’ll start in a minute."  Some students stood back up again and made their way up to the front, clumping into a crowd.  One girl caused a minor holdup by making an egregious show of getting just enough papers for her friends.  Ada put her elbow on her desk and leaned on her hand, gazing boredly as they eventually acquired the papers they needed and returned to sit.

"Alright, let’s begin," Mrs. Marish said primly, placing a final book on the pile.  She turned to the whiteboard, picked up a marker, and started to write a bulleted list.  "These will be the main forr subjects this semester.  The first one--"  She abruptly stopped speaking, just now noticing the girl who still stood in the front of the classroom.

This girl, clearly of Asian descent, stood just to the side of the whiteboard, smiling eagerly at Mrs. Marish.  Her attire was of a school-girl uniform: a white-collared shirt and a checkered skirt, with a gray sweatshirt tied around her waist.  Black socks stretched to her knees and she tapped her clogs up and down as she tiptoed excitedly.  An elegant braid fell over her left shoulder, a large, golden ring tied to the end.  Loopy earrings framed a face with a copious makeup, accentuating her sharp eyebrows, high cheekbones, and angular nose.

"Excuse me," Mrs. Marish said.  "Why haven’t you taken your seat?"

The girl stopped bouncing on her toes.  "Aren’t you forgetting something, Mrs. Marish?" she said.  Her voice was high pitched, perhaps 'cute' came to mind.

Mrs. Marish frowned and looked around, first at her desk, then at the rest of the students in the room, then the whiteboard, and finally back to the girl.  "No, I don’t believe I am.  Please take your seat."

The girl lingered though, a puzzled expression forming on her face.  She turned to the whiteboard and grabbed a black marker.  Uncorking it, she placed the marker on the board and started writing.  The whole class watched in silence as she finished jotting down "Iroha" first in English, then in apparently Japanese, because after she returned to add cat ears to the ‘a’ in her name, she drew a surprisingly-accurate outline of the country and labeled it, dotting Tokyo in the bottom right corner.  She capped the marker and spun around.  "Hello everyone!" she said brightly, winking and waving.  "I’m Iroha.  I’m a new transfer student here!  It’s so nice to meet you!"  She bowed, her short hair whipping around her ears.

The class all stared at the top of her head for a few seconds, then a boy in the back said "Hi Iroha!" also in that ridiculous, cheerful voice, and the whole room erupted into laughter - except Ada, who yawned and reread the syllabus for the third time.

Iroha stood from her bow, face a bit flushed, and handed the marker to Mrs. Marish whose face held inscrutable expression.  Iroha turned and surveyed the classroom, but she soon frowned, which looked more like a pout than anything due to her cutesy disposition..  "Mrs. Marish…" she said, slowly.  "I don’t think there’s an open seat for me in here."

Ada looked around the class and noticed that indeed there were not any open desks.  Mrs. Marish turned to Iroha.  "Are you sure you’re in the right class, dear?"

Iroha nodded emphatically, whipping a folded piece of paper from the pocket in her skirt.  She held it up.  "This is United States History, right?  With Mrs. Marish?"  She indicated the top of the paper.

The girl behind Ada made a sudden squeak.  Abruptly she stood, grabbing her books to her chest, and stalked quickly to the door, head down the whole way, fervently ignoring the students who stared at her.  The loud *clunk* the classroom door made upon closing reverberated for several seconds before the silence was broken by another bout of raucous laughter.

A tinge of a smile played on Mrs. Marish’s lips, but it quickly evaporated as she assumed a regal sternness that brooked no nonsense.  "Alright!" she said, raising her hands.  "Everyone, settle down."  She gave Iroha a little push in the back.  "Go on, sit down.  Looks like a seat has just cleared up for you."

Iroha stumbled at the force, but caught herself and made her way towards the now open desk.  Ada pointedly avoided eye contact with her, but noticed that Iroha took great care in smoothing her skirt and placing her folder just so at the corner of her desk. Just another girl who sought attention… nothing of note.

Somewhat surprisingly, Iroha remained silent and respectful for the remainder of the period.  In fact, despite the unconventional opening, the entire class was so quiet and well-behaved that Mrs. Marish managed to complete her intended lesson early.  She went over the last point - a redundant warning not to skip exams - then blinked and shrugged.

"I suppose that's it then," she said.  "I've not got anything else for you today.  Talk amongst yourselves for a few minutes until the period ends."

As a small buzz formed in the classroom, Ada pulled out the binder she had set aside for US History, and slid the syllabus through the rings, making sure not to tear the paper.  She closed the binder, then looked up to see Iroha standing in front of her desk.

"Hi there!" she said brightly.  "I’m Iroha.  I just wanted to introduce myself.  It’s so strange being in a new school."

Ada glared back at her hoping that she would take a hint and go away, but Iroha did not seem to notice.

"I mean, I’ve been to the States a few times before, and that was really fun.  I thought I knew what to expect and all that, but to actually be attending a class is so exciting!"

Ada increased the ferocity of her stare, but again, Iroha ignored it and kept on talking.

"Uncle said it really isn’t that exciting, but he doesn’t know what he’s talking about!  Like, I can’t believe how much different that class period was from my classes back in Japan.  And everybody here is so nice, I just can’t believe it!  Everywhere I look I just can't stop thinking about all the new people I get to meet.  I mean, maybe we could become friends, you know?"

Realizing that her tactic was not working, Ada assumed the blankest stare possible and began to slowly pack up her things.  Iroha did not notice.  She barely paid attention as she blabbered.  Her face and voice flitted between a vast spectrum of emotional movements and sounds: animated head bobs, cute pouts, wide eyes, knowing winks, wide grins…  Iroha had mastered the usage of them all.  It was really rather impressive, if Ada had to admit.

"Are there any other transfer students?  I’m only here because of Uncle, of course, but I can’t tell if a lot of people come here.  I’ve never been to Colorado before.  Do people visit often?  The mountains are so beautiful in the winter, oh my gosh."

With a final furtive glance at Iroha, Ada hefted her book bag, stood, and slowly backed away. Iroha did not notice immediately, and when she did, she simply turned to the nearest group of students and in the blink of an eye was now chatting with them.

Ada sighed and slumped against the wall near the door  It was always draining to deal with people like that.  It was best to say as far away as possible.  She needed that energy elsewhere, especially now.
