Like clockwork, Adalais came to the side entrance of Erran Valley at precicely 3:15.  Jesse leaned casually against the concrete archway marking the north entrance to Erran Valley.  This entrance was not the most-used one, and only the occasional pushed open the double doors on their way out of the building.  Much different than the main entrance.  Without a crowd, Jesse was easily able to see the freshmen making her way towards her.

Jesse caught Adalais's eye.  She stepped out into the hallway, blocking her bath.

"We need to talk," Jesse said.

Adalais stopped abruptly.  "Who are you?"

"Jesse.  You are Adalais, right?"

"I prefer Ada," she said.  "What do you want?  I am in a hurry."

"Ada, eh?"  Jesse took a breath.  "I want to know what you are doing."

"What I am doing?"  Ada's eyes narrowed.  "What do you mean?"

Jesse shrugged.  "Unless I'm mistaken, right now you're headed down to the third field.  I want to know why."

Slowly, Ada flipped the duffel bag strap from her shoulder and dropped it to the floor. "Have you been following me?"

"It's just something I happened to notice.  Students don't really use that field.  I'm interested in what you're doing there."

Ada was not impressed.  She crossed her arms and bit her lip.  Then she did something odd.  She muttered something under her breath, but Jesse caught what she said, and she appeared to be speaking with somebody who wasn't there.  "I know... Shady does not even begin to describe it."

Jesse squinted to see if she had some sort of headphones or was speaking with somebody on the phone.  It did not look like it.  So what was that all about?

Ada raised her gaze to Jesse's.  "I have no idea who you are, so I have no reason to tell you what I am doing.  Stop bothering me."

"Look," Jesse said, shaking her head.  "I'm not trying to be weird... I thought you might appreciate frankness.  I spoke with Laurel."

A dark expression clouded Ada's face. "You spoke with Laurel?  What did he say?"

"I asked him what you were doing.  He wouldn't tell me.  Told me to ask you."  Jesse rubbed her temples.  "Would you just... help me out?  I didn't mean to come off as furtive.  I saw you running around that field, and I just thought it doesn't seem normal.  So I'm curious, you know?"

"You are 'curious'..." Ada tapped her foot, and her teeth clenched.  She let out an exasperated sigh.  "Fine.  If you must know, I have asked Laurel to help me train to play GDL."

"GDL?"  Jesse frowned.  "What's that?"

"You have your answer.  I am going down there."  She reached down, picked up the bag, and hefted it back over her shoulder.  Then, once again, she appeared to mutter something to an unknown entity.  "Not was well as you apparantly do."  She strode by Jesse without a backward glance.

"Wait!"  Jesse grabbed Ada's shoulder.  Ada looked it like a viper had just bit her.  "I just... You seem very intent on this training.  It looks hard."  She gave an encouraging smile.  "I guess you've sort of inspired me."

"Is that all?"  Ada stepped away so Jesse was no longer toucher her.  "I am going."  She left. 

Jesse let her go.  Something was strange about her; certainly more strange than she had initially thought.  Was this the kind of thing that Arnold wanted to know about?  And if so, why?  The question bothered Jesse.  Enough that she worried about the task she had been given.  It was certainly odd that the list had pointed Jesse at a kind of person like Ada.  She did not have enough information.  She needed to know more.

