The doors to the gym lay open, funneling the squeaks of shoes and the shouts of girls.  Jesse stepped inside, wrinkling her nose at the slight humidity change.  Fifty girls ran around performing a layup drill.  The coach administering the tryout paced on the sideline, arms crossed, barking aggressive comments now and then.  He was rather old, and his voice often broke into a hoarseness that Jesse could only just make out with all the squeaks of shoes on gym floor, the thuds of bouncing basketballs.  Other coaches flanked him, imitating his gait, for the JV, sophomore and freshman teams.  They did much the same as him, yelling at the girls, but none had the elderly charisma of the head coach that only comes from many, many years of experience.

At the opposite end, at the back of a line of girls, Jesse spotted Vivi, basketball under arm, blue headband partially obscured by her high ponytail.  She stood beside Emma Smith, a tall senior with whom Jesse was only partially acquainted - she did not know many of the girls who played sports.  Emma’s large frame dwarfed Vivi’s petite one, but both were drenched in sweat and breathing heavily.

Jesse made her way to the bleachers and climbed a few rows up.  They were sparsely populated, only occupied by a couple parents and students who were likely siblings or else carpools.  Jesse spotted Mr. Mills, arms crossed, stern eyes observing like a hawk.  He rarely missed an opportunity to spectate his daughter’s basketball events, even if they were just tryouts.  Though Mr. Mills would certainly deny it, Otis vehemently claimed his father had a favorite child.

For a moment Jesse considered going over and engaging Mr. Mills in conversation, but she did not think he wanted to be distracted right now.  His face was very serious, and he occasionally gave the head coach scoffing and disdainful looks.  Clearly he was anxious for his daughter.  So Jesse selected a spot apart from others and sat down.  Putting her elbows on her knees and chin in her palms, she too began to observe.

The gym had been recently renovated, the floor reflecting the hanging lights above with a little extra sheen.  The blue and yellow lines delineating the basketball and volleyball courts looked particularly sharp.  Years of championship banners hung on the far wall, meticulously placed around a large mural of a knight riding a horse: the mascot of Erran Valley.  Jesse grinned slightly, remembering how trashy this place used to look in her freshman year, with chipped paint and scuffed flooring.  She used to feel a bit of shame for the school when they hosted home games.  It was supposed to be this grand, elite place full of bright students, yet it hosted games with a gym that looked like it would fit in a trailer park.  It had sorely needed this makeover.  Although, the bleachers remained as uncomfortable as ever.  She fidgeted around trying to find an elusively pleasant position.

As the tryouts continued, Jesse found herself focusing on Vivi.  She certainly had a height disadvantage.  It seemed she was among the shortest of the girls even counting the freshman.  But what she lacked in height she made up for in athleticism.  More than once Jesse spotted Vivi’s bobbing hair, headband a blue blur, as she darted between other girls, threading the basketball through narrow gaps with expert dexterity.  She had impressive vision, spinning the ball to teammates in the most unexpected ways.  And though she struggled to play defense against the taller girls, she frequently found steals with some quick hands.

Jesse knew quite well that Vivi held a special talent for athletics.  It was obvious upon first meeting. She possessed total control of her body: she moved nimbly, sprinted fast, had perfect balance, and could put dancers to shame with her flexibility.   With her petite frame, she could switch directions at the drop of a hat, zipping around all but the quickest of her peers.  And even with this natural talent, Vivi was a hard worker.  It was rare to find her not practicing or exercising.  She carried a basketball around with her most places.  Well… except classes - though she had tried and had gotten it taken away on multiple occasions, nearly getting suspended from a game one time.  Jesse smiled, remembering how Mr. Mills had barged into the athletics department at lunch time and demanded that they let his daughter play.  That had been a… fun day.  Vivi still colored with embarrassment if it was ever brought up.  She felt some embarrassment about her father's zeal. Jesse did not blame her.

They had been through a lot together since that first day of freshman year.  Vivi was quiet and humble, and she always undersold herself - to the point of annoyance actually.  But she got prickly at the mention of her small stature, especially in regards to basketball, on of the few things that could get on her nerves - something which Otis knew very well how to exploit.  

Watching the tryout, reminiscing about Vivi, Jesse remained lost in her thoughts for quite a while.

The head coach blew his whistle loudly.  She jumped.  She had been staring at the mural on the wall in a meditative trance, but now watched as all the girls had aggregated around him.  Had she really been sitting here until the practice ended?  She could be such an airhead sometimes.  The coach paced among the line of girls, giving a speech about their performances and when the results of the tryout would be posted.  When he finished, he blew his whistle again and the girls dispersed.  Jesse stood up, stretching.  Her left hand had fallen asleep, and she flung it around in a vague attempt to get the blood flowing.  She made her way down the bleachers and walked over to where Vivi was now sitting on the gym floor, changing her shoes.

"Nice work," Jesse said, standing beside her.

Vivi's black braids whipped as she looked up.  She grinned when she saw Jesse.  "Thanks," she said, standing up and giving her a quick hug.  Her head barely came up to Jesse's shoulders, and it certainly did not help that she still had both shoes off and stood barefoot in the gym.  "It seemed pretty good but..." she nodded to where Mr. Mills now glared at them from the bleachers.  "Dad’s got a few words for me."

Jesse glanced back at Mr. Mills. "Isn't he always like that?"

"Yeah…" Vivi said, still looking at her father.  A bead of sweat trickled over her forehead.  She brushed it away impatiently.  "He’s worried I won’t make the starting lineup."  

"What?" Jesse asked, surprised.  "How would that even be possible?"

"It could happen," Vivi said seriously.  "Coach is being a bit try-hard this year.  Says he's getting too old and might retire after it's done, so he wants to win in his last year."

"But why would that mean that you won't start?" Jesse asked, still confused.  "I know you hate to hear it, but you're really good, Vivi.  Definitely starter material."

"Maybe not good enough," she mumbled, reaching into her bag and pulling out a fresh pair of socks.  She began slipping them on while standing, balancing on one foot at a time.  "But to be honest I don't mind if I don't start.  I just want to make the team."

Jesse remained silent, still looking at Mr. Mills.  She often wondered if Vivi actually knew how talented she was or if she had been tainted by ruthless criticism of her father.

Vivi stuck her shoes and dirty socks in her bag, pulled out a pair of sandals, and straightened.  "Thanks for coming to watch," she said, sticking a foot into a sandal.

"Anytime," Jesse said, pursing her lips.  "But to be honest I only came because I needed to burn some time."

Vivi smirked.   "You’re too nice," she said.  "Most people don't burn time by watching an entire tryout."  She got her other foot into a sandal and bent down to pick up her bag, swinging the strap easily over her shoulder and propping it on her back.  Her bag was a very large duffel, almost larger than Vivi herself, containing all the equipment Vivi liked to take with her to practice: basketballs, several pairs of shoes, a ball pump, a few extra pairs of clothes, water bottles, knee pads, first-aid kit and even some small dumbells that Vivi carried when she went for her habitual lunchtime run.  Jesse knew that bag was heavy, and yet she effortlessly carried the thing on her back, as if it weighed nothing at all.  "Well, I better go."  She looked at her father, who now tapped his foot impatiently.

"Good luck," Jesse said, as Vivi walked away.  She looked back with a pained grin.  The moment Vivi came in earshot of him he started speaking, and though Jesse could not hear them, his words looked scornful and harsh.

When Jesse returned to her locker, she was relieved to find it clear of Skye and Blake.  In fact, nobody remained in the hallway.  It was dark now, and no light shone from the window on the ceiling.  The dim lighting from the lamps on the walls was barely enough for her to begin packing up her things for the walk home.  She paused a moment after shutting her locker.  Looking down the hallway, she felt that same, lonely vibe that she had experienced when sketching it.  But instead of shivering uncomfortably, she found herself at peace.  She felt some kinship with it.  Sometimes she appreciated the loneliness it held.  Sometimes people had problems that they alone must suffer through.