Hood pulled tightly over her head, hands in the pocket of her sweatshirt, Jesse strode quickly along the gutter.  Her eyes were intent on her path, and she ignored the people walking along the sidewalk beside her and the homeless men and woman clustering at the base of lamp-posts and stop signs.  The cars on accompanying road made their sluggish way through heavy traffic, horns blaring almost regularly as they jostled for positions amongst the lanes.  Whenever Jesse came upon a stoplight, she stood apart from the waiting pedestrians and was the first one to stop on the crosswalk, having anticipated the light's change.  She threaded her way around parked cars, moving onto the asphalt - away from the sidewalk - often eliciting a jeer or a honk from behind her.  She paid them no heed.

After several blocks of walking along this street, she veered to her right and entered a building through an unmarked, wooden door.  It creaked as she stepped inside and continued her way down a hallway.  She passed further doors that led into the various rooms of this building, each labeled with a number, some with signs indicating their inhabitants: a massage therapist in 103, a physic in 104, financial consultants in 105.  She stopped at 106, pulling a first from her pocket and banging the door.  After several seconds it opened slightly, and Jesse pushed her way through.

The room itself was cramped, the size of small studio apartment, the ceiling low enough that Jesse's hood nearly brushed it as she walked inside.  Two of walls were lined with shelves, all of which holding unmarked cardboard boxes, aligned perfectly so that four could fit on each plank.  At the last wall was a lumpy, purple couch with moth-eaten cushions and an almost unrecognizable floral pattern.  Behind it was a window that looked out into a small parking.  Jesse glanced through this window, her eyes narrowing as she recognized the red truck outside.  She turned her attention to the desk in the middle of the room, behind which was a chair with a mousy man carefully tapping up another cardboard box.

"Hey," she said, fishing inside the pocket of her pants.  She pulled out a wad of cash and threw it onto the table.  "For Felicity."

The mousy man - whose name was Stan - looked up at her, then eyed the money, putting down the roll of tape he was holding.  He picked up the wad and flicked through it, whistling.  "What'd she do this time?  Must have been bad."

"Not your concern.  Just make sure it gets into the right hands."

"Must have shilled your whole stock for this much," he said, tapping it in the palm of his hand.  "Makes me wonder if you've got a client we don't know about."

Jesse's eyes hardened.  "I sold out all my leads for that," she said.  "Probably burned a few in the process.  If anything you've got less now."

He grimaced.  "How's that any better?"

"You know me," she said.  "I always rebuild."

"That you do."  He sighed and pocketed it.  "I assume you'll be wanting more?"

"Yes."

He nudged a box on the corner of the desk towards her.  Jesse stepped forward and picked it up, tucking it under her arm.  She turned to leave, but Stan spoke.  "Cormac wants to see you."

She froze.

"Said he was waiting for you in fact."

She closed her eyes and walked out of the room.

Cormac leaned casually against the hood of his truck, one booted foot interlaced atop the other.  His attention was on the phone in his hand, quickly flipping through it.  Jesse stood at the mouth of the parking lot and watched him for a full minute before swallowing and striding towards him.  When she got close, Cormac looked up, and when he saw her, a smile formed on his lips.

"Finally," he said, pocketing his phone.  "You know I've been here for almost an hour."

"What do you want?"

He looked her over.  "Working overtime?" he said, indicating the box in her arm.

Jesse shifted it away from him.  "Felicity is out again."

"Yep," he said.  "She let me know.  I came here to take care of it, but she also said you might come here too."