Ada slammed the door to her locker, firing a withering glare to some startled boys nearby.  Stooping to pick up the books on the floor, she muttered under her breath, "She has no right!"

"For what?"  Conscience asked.

"Everything!"

"Clearly she wants to talk," Conscience said, shrugging.  "Maybe she couldn't do it until later."

"If that deplorable girl wishes to speak with me, she can come seek me out.  I refuse to go to her domain."

Today, as she hung up her backpack, Ada had found a piece of paper hanging from the metal grill on the inside of the locker door.  A piece of paper that had been ripped into several pieces and scattered across the carpet; a result of Ada having read that Jesse wanted her to come to the roof at lunch time.

Adjusting up her books in her arms, Ada struck up a brisk walk.

Conscience persisted, running up beside her.  "Shouldn't you at least hear her out?"

"Why should I do that?  She is the one sneaking around my back.  Let her come out of the shadows for once."

"You're being unreasonable."

Ada rounded on her.

"And you are being annoying.  What do *you* care so much?  She isn't stalking you."

"You mean aside from the fact that you won't shut up about her?" she said, wryly.  After a warning look from Ada, Conscience sighed.  "I want to know more about Jesse.  I have a feeling there's more to her than you've judged.  I mean, why is she so interested in you?"

"Do not ask me why a hussy does what she does."

That rose an eyebrow on Conscience's face.  "You know, when you're this mad, you kind of scrunch your face... I think the boys would find you pretty cute."

"I am not cute!" Ada said, harshly.  A passing teacher gave Ada a very confused look.  Cheeks reddening, she upturned her chin and stalked away.

---

The sun blasted Ada's face as she pushed open the rusty door to the rooftop.  She squinted, shivering slightly at a chill breeze that wafted into the building.  When her eyes became accustomed to the brightness, she spotted the person she sought.  Jesse lounged on the ground nearby, back against a concrete wall, an elbow on her knee, clutching a small sandwich.

Ada took a small breath, then rounded on Conscience who stood quietly behind her.

"I am only doing this to stop your incessant nagging."

Conscience just shrugged, though she seemed pleased.  Without holding the door, Ada strode right up to Jesse and firmly planted her fists on her hips.

"What do you want?" she asked.

Unconcerned, Jesse took a bite.  "Sit down," she said, mouth full.  "I want to talk."

For response, Ada gave her a tried-and-true glare.

"Fine." She stuffed the sandwich in her mouth, rolled onto her heels and hopped up. "The ground's cold anyway."

This was a strange place to hold a conversation.  Aside from the fact that students were certainly not supposed to be up here, it was uncomfortably chilly, and the sounds of a city made a rumble loud enough one needed to speak just a bit louder than normal in order to be heard clearly.  Perhaps Jesse hoped this would put Ada off balance.  She, of course, was gravely mistaken.

Dusting off her skirt, Jesse finished chewing and swallowed.  "Seems like were going to be working together a lot."

Ada's eye twitched.  "Working together?"

"Yep!"  Her lips curled into an smile.  "Now that Laurel agreed to train me, we're going to be spending a lot of time together.  So I want to know more about you."  She shrugged.  "Who knows?  Maybe we could become friends." 

"I have no interest in that," Ada said tersely.

"And why not?"

"Because you are not worth my time."

"Ouch," Jesse said, though that insufferable smile still lingered.  "I thought you might say something like that, but still... Kind of harsh don't you think?"

"Not at all."  Ada took a step forward, head tilting up at Jesse's, eyes narrowed.  "You have been hounding my tail for days.  I have no inkling why!  What is in this for you?  Are you just trying to torment me?"

"No..." Jesse said, the smile finally fading. "It's for a different reason.  I had wanted to speak with you, but... Ada, you have to admit, you're not exactly approachable.  The one time I tried, you bulldozed over me."

Ada rolled her eyes.  "Exaggeration.  You were following me well before that."

"Would it really have mattered?"

"You have no right---!"

Jesse cut her off.  "Is it so hard to believe that I am interested in you?"  Her cheeks reddened a little, but she held Ada's stare.  "You just... you seem like the kind of person... that I could understand."  She bit her lip.  "I know what it feels like to be lonely."

"You suppose too much," Ada replied, voice low. "I am not lonely, and I am not interested in being your friend.  Leave me alone."

Jesse's eyes widened.  She staggered as if struck by some invisible whip, tears forming at the pits of her eyes.  She seemed truly surprised and hurt.  Good, maybe Ada's words had finally gotten through.  Maybe Jesse would finally go away.  It was about time.

Something odd happened, though: after that brief moment of shock, Jesse just became... harder. Her face tightened, her jaw set, her back straightened, her eyebrows thinned.  Her stance changed, and all of a sudden she seemed a head taller.  The playful nonchalance and earnestness she had been displaying up until now completely vanished, replaced with a disquieting iciness.  And also, something else... something in her eyes that Ada would have missed if she had not noticed it in herself every time she looked in the mirror: pure, unshakable determination.

"Then don't be my friend," Jesse said.  Even her voice had changed.  It seemed darker somehow; certainly lower.  She flicked a hand through her lengthy hair.  "Know this though: I am going to be training with you whether you are 'interested' in that or not.  You are not going to get rid of me."

Ada could not respond.  She had thought she knew this girl, thought she had ascertained everything about her.  She had been so sorely mistaken.

"There's something else too," Jesse continued.  "You want to train for GDL, but your only aspiration so far has been to become stronger.  Great.  But after that, then what?"

She stared Ada down as she tried to respond.  "I had thought---"

"We need a team: other players to depend on, to play with, something to work for!"  She sighed, placing a palm on her forehead.  "Honestly, this is the main reason I called you up here."  She shook her head slightly.  "From what I understand, we need three more members to form a full GDL team.  If Laurel agrees to train them too, then we've got a solid base."  Her gaze locked with Ada's and held there for a moment.  "If we are going to do this, we are going to do this right.  We need a team."

Ada wanted to tell her off, to say that such a thing was impossible, that this whole thing was supposed to be just her and Laurel, to explain why nobody in the school could possibly be good enough for something like that.  Her mind worked so furiously to come up with all these reasons and arguments, but she knew deep down that none of them mattered.  Jesse was right.  Ada had no plan beyond training with Laurel.  A team was indeed the most logical next step.  It galled her to admit it to herself, but she could see reason when it was shown to her.

"Very well," Ada said slowly.  "I think... you are right."

A visible wave of relaxation washed over Jesse, and suddenly she assumed the same demeanor she had elicited to everybody up until this point.  "Good!" She said brightly.  "Then let's talk about recruitment!"

Ada blinked.  The change was just as abrupt as it had been before.  An odd girl, for sure.  "Okay..."

"If you want some measure of control over who joins the team, I suggest you be on the lookout for somebody who looks like a good candidate."

"Okay," Ada said slowly.  "I cannot say I have seen anybody thus far."

"You haven't really been looking, though, have you?" Jesse replied.  "Just think about it."  She stroked her chin.  "I have a few leads myself.  I'll get back to you on those."

The bell resounded at that moment, marking the end of the lunch period.

"Perfect timing," Jesse said.  "Let's meet here tomorrow?  I'll be able to tell you if my leads are good ones!"  She skipped off towards the door.









