The clattering of keyboards and mouse clicks filled the air of the library computer lab.  On Wednesdays, the school started one hour later than usual.  For some students this was a convenient excuse to sleep in a bit longer.  For many others though, this was the time where procrastination hit its limit, and an assignment simply had to be completed.  This was unfortunate for Ada.  Her brow furrowed as she scanned the computer lab, standing on tip toes to see the back.  Behind each of the seven rows of computers, she saw a student's head.

"There's a seat in the corner," Conscience said.  "Though you'll have to sit near that weird girl."  She pointed to the back where the last computer on the end row did indeed have a vacancy.  Ada's brow furrowed yet further when she recognized the 'weird girl' in question.  It was Iroha, the ever bothersome transfer student who sat in front of Ada during US History.  Normally Ada would have ignored such a student, but Iroha made that task rather difficult.  She did not seem to pick up on things that other freshmen students had regarding dealings with Ada.  For example, regardless of how many pointed glares or tight expressions Ada gave, Iroha still attempted time and time again to engage Ada in conversation before the class period started.  It seemed these spurns only fueled her desire to make conversation.  Ada could not fathom how somebody could talk so much.  It was incredibly annoying. Lately Ada had been forced to delay walking into the classroom until the second before the class started so Iroha did not get the opportunity to waylay Ada.

"If I have no recourse..." Ada muttered.  She made her reluctant way to the seat and tried to sit down as unceremoniously as possible.  Maybe Iroha would not notice her.  It seemed to work.  Iroha wore a pair of earbuds hunched over the monitor in front of her, loopy airings dangling almost to her nose as she absorbed the contents of the screen.  It was obscured, so Ada could not see what it was Iroha was so engrossed in, but honestly she did not care.  So long as Iroha remained that way, it would not be a problem.

Ada had a single goal in coming here: to research possible locations for a GDL team to practice.  Until now, she had been considering her training with Laurel from an individual perspective.  Now that she and Jesse were to form a team, they needed a place where they could practice.  She had lain awake all of last night contemplating this, and ultimatley decided that she needed more information.  She already knew of every GDL arena in the nearby vicinity, but she did not know of any programs or times which were particularly suited for practice.  She set out on this task first.  Perhaps if she had a place of practice, then it would become clearer who to recruit.

It was slow going.  The sites for these places were more often than not intended to draw in the person of casual interest, advertising first-time sessions, walkthroughs, or spectating.  It was particularly difficult to find any sort of schedule when they were accepting time for teams to rent the place out.  But Ada kept at it.  This was important.

Fifteen minutes passed, then a half hour... still nothing.  She was starting to get worried.  Did these places not accommodate budding teams?  She redoubled her efforts.

So engrossed did she become in her search, that she did not notice the uncomfortably close proximity of Iroha's face until she heard a sharp inhale right next to her ear.

"Oh!"  Iroha squeaked.  Ada jumped and almost fell out of her chair in alarm.  She righted herself, breathing heavily.

Iroha was leaning over the back of her chair, big brown eyes staring at Ada's screen, which showed a website for Rex Arena, and a schedule of events.  Her eyes only got wider as she scanned the contents.  Iroha whipped her gaze to Ada's. "Do you know about GDL!?" she asked, excitedly. "Do you know of anyone who plays around here! I've been looking everywhere but nobody seems to know anything!"  She reached to her chair, scooted it over and plopped right down into it, taking Ada's hands in hers.

Ada looked back at her with a mixture of shock and repulsiveness.  "I...  I..."

"Tell me!" Iroha said, bouncing up and down.  Her eyes glistened.  She squeezed Ada's hands.  Hard.

With some effort, Ada regained her composure.  "I would appreciate it if you did not grab me anymore."

Abruptly, Iroha seemed to realize she was doing something wrong.  She let go and looked away, abashed.  "Umm.  Sorry about that."  She drew a finger through her short, brown hair.  "I'm not usually so excitable.  Its just... "  She pointed at the screen.  "I've been looking for somebody who likes GDL ever since I arrived in America!  It's sort of the main reason I transferred.  To finally find somebody is... it's amazing!"

Face stony, Ada logged off of the computer and pushed her chair back.

"Wait!" Iroha said as Ada stood.  "Where are you going?"

"Away from you."  Ada picked up her backpack.

"But... But..." Iroha sputtered.  "what about---"

Without a backwards glance, Ada strode from the room, chin held high, ignoring the sideways glances and tilted heads that followed her.  Outside, she slumped and gave a sigh of relief.  People like that could really try her patience.

A tap came on her shoulder, and Ada spun to face Conscience.

"So..." Conscience said.  "Aren't you supposed to be looking recruits."

Ada blinked.  "What?  You cannot possibly be referring to *that* girl."  She blew a strand of hair from her eyes.  "She is much too eager."

Conscience looked at her with a perplexed frown.  "In what way is that a bad thing?"

"She is... too infuriating."

"I seem to recall you saying something like that about Jesse."

"Perhaps," Ada said.  "Well it is still true.  Both of them are infuriating."

"Is there anybody who isn't to you though?" Conscience said, eyebrows raised.  "I'm just saying, at the very least that girl seems like she wants to play."

"She is annoying," Ada grumbled.

"You always tell me I'm annoying."

Ada grumbled some more.

Right on queue, the door to the computer lab opened and Iroha popped her head out.  She caught sight of Ada and words began tumbling out of her.  "Oh good!  I worried that you'd left."  She scurried up to Ada.  "Are you afraid to talk about GDL?  That makes sense.  We really should talk, you know.  I've got so much to ask you!"

Ada glanced sideways at Conscience, who shrugged and nudged her forward.  "I--" Ada stuttered.  Was she really considering this?  How had this happened! "Okay, okay.  Just... calm down.  You are being a nuisance."

Iroha beamed.  "Okay!" she said, bouncing on her toes.

Ada sighed.  "We can talk but... at lunchtime.  There is somebody else who you should speak with."






