The clattering of keyboards and mouse clicks filled the air of the library computer lab.  School had adjourned today almost an hour ago, and still many students populated each of the seven rows of desks in the room.  Ada was somewhat surprised at that, and more than a little annoyed.  She had delayed her arrival here in the apparently erroneous hopes that the room would be mostly empty.  Now that she thought about it, perhaps coming here on a Thursday was rather stupid; it was the afternoon before most papers were due at the end of the week.  Her brow furrowed as she scanned the room.  Nothing looked to be open.  She took a few steps forward, looking over the back row.

"There's a seat in the corner," Conscience said.  "Though you'll have to sit near that weird girl."  She pointed to the back where the last computer on the end row did indeed have a vacancy.  Ada's brow furrowed yet further when she recognized the 'weird girl' in question.  It was Iroha, the ever bothersome transfer student who sat in front of Ada during US History.  Regarding Ada, she did not seem to pick up on things that other students had.  For example, regardless of how many indications of disinterest, pointed glares, or acs of simply walking away from her, Iroha still attempted time and time again to engage Ada in conversation before the class period started.  It seemed like Ada's spurns only fueled her desire to make conversation.  Infuriating.

"If I have no recourse..." she muttered.  She made her reluctant way to the seat and tried to sit down as unceremoniously as possible.  It seemed to work.  Iroha had a pair of earbuds in and completely ignored Ada, engrossed in whatever she was doing.  Good.  Perhaps she would remain that way for a while.

Ada had a single goal in coming here: to research possible locations for a GDL team to practice.  She already knew of every GDL arena in the nearby vicinity, but she did not know of any programs or times which were particularly suited for practice.  She set out on this task first.

It was slow going.  The sites for these places were more often than not intended to draw in the person of casual interest, advertising first-time sessions, walkthroughs, or spectating.  It was particularly difficult to find any sort of schedule when they were accepting time for teams to rent the place out.  But Ada kept at it.  This was important.

Fifteen minutes passed, then a half hour... still nothing.  She was starting to get worried.  Did these places not accommodate budding teams?  She redoubled her efforts.  The importance of this could not be understated.

So engrossed did she become in her search, that she did not notice the proximity of Iroha until she heard a sharp inhale right next to her ear.

"Oh...!"  Iroha squeaked.  She almost fell out of her chair, having leaned over the back oto spy on Ada's screen.  She righted herself, and scooted over.  "Are you researching GDL?"  Her big, blue eyes shown with an intensity to startled Ada.  "Do you know of anyone who plays around here!  Oh my gosh!  I've been looking everywhere but nobody seems to know anything!"  She reached out and grabbed Ada's shoulders.

Ada looked back at her with a mixture of shock and offense and repulsiveness.  "I...  I..."

Behind her, Conscience drew back a step.  "She's rather... eager."

Iroha seemed to realize she was doing something wrong.  She let go of Ada's shoulders looked away, abashed.  "Umm.  Sorry about that."  She drew a finger through her short, brown hair.  "I'm not usually so excitable.  Its just... "  She pointed at the screen.  "I've been looking for somebody who likes GDL ever since I arrived in America.  It's like, the main reason I transferred.  To actually find somebody is... it's amazing!"

With some effort, Ada regained her composure.  "I would appreciate it if you did not grab me anymore."

"Sorry," Iroha said, glancing away.  "Sometimes I can't help it."

"Well.  Anyway."  Ada logged off of the computer.  "I am not interested in talking about this.  Please do not mention it to me anymore."

"What?" Iroha said, perplexed.  "But weren't you looking up GDL arenas?"

"I was," Ada said.  "However, I simply would rather not speak of it with you."  She picked up her backpack.  She could not resume her search with this... girl here.  It would be much too difficult.

"Wait!  I can help!  We can play together!"

"I am not interested," Ada said, swinging her backpack over her shoulders and striding away.  She knew she was being rude, but Iroha did not seem to understand that Ada did not seek her friendship.  Maybe this was all a ruse Iroha had concocted.  Ha.  That was giving her way too much credit.

As Ada left the room, she chanced a glance back at Iroha, who wore an incredulous face.  Thankfully, she did not make more of a fuss, and Ada escaped without any more fanfare.  She breathed a sigh of relief.

"That was a close one," Conscience said, and for once she did not seem sarcastic.  "I don't blame you for getting out of there."

"Hopefully she gets the idea now," Ada said.  "I do not want to be her friend."

"Well..." Conscience stopped and glanced back at the lab.  "While you may not need her as a friend, aren't you trying to recruit a team?"

"Yes, but--"

"Wouldn't she be a good candidate?"

"What?! Of course not!  I have no idea who she is, or if she is any good."

Conscience shrugged.  "At least she seemed entheused."  She raised her eyebrow.  "More than you have been lately."

"I do not need her," Ada insisted. "She is much too 'entheused'."  She turned about face and stalked off.
