Jesse felt focused, and that was a very good thing.

Having spent the past few weeks in a constant persevering drift, only able to react to the twists and turns that her tumbling life threw at her, she had been restless, frustrated, and above all, tired.  Very tired.  A bone-weary fatigue had begun to take root, exacerbated by nightmare-ridden nights and constant anxiety.  However, that tiredness that had threatened to engulf her had all but vanished now.  Sometimes a person needed a particularly interesting puzzle to solve to jump start their energy, and Jesse had found her puzzle in Adalais Eldridge.

Jesse could see a lot of herself in the girl: that stubborn pride was certainly familiar.  Also that grim determination.  But something about the way she acted made Jesse think that her persona was all a front.  Jesse noticed subtle things, like the way she constantly seemed to avert her eyes in conversation, or how she always seemed to be talking with somebody who was not there.  There was something up with her, Jesse was certain, and Jesse very badly wanted to help her with it.  There were not many people towards whom Jesse felt this sort of natural gravitation, but Ada - strange, stubborn Ada - was absolutely one of them.

She popped out of her daydream after completely bumping into Skye at her locker.

"Careful!" Skye said, as Jesse staggered backwards.  She almost fell. One hand on her locker door, the other holding a tattered book, Skye stood still, frowning.  "You okay?"

"Yeah," Jesse said, straightening.  Skye had not even moved an inch, and Jesse had almost toppled over!  She was really quite sturdy.  "Sorry."

"Cool."  She slammed the locker door.  It didn't close fully, a sleeve of a bulky purple winter coat poking out the side.  Skye noticed and kicked the door.  It clicked, and Skye nodded.

"Hey," Jesse said.  "You play GDL right?"

"Yeah," Skye said.  "Who wants to know?"

"Do you have any interest in joining a team?"

Skye folded her arms.  "What team?  You talking about the school team?"

Jesse shook her head.  "A different one."

"Yeah?"

"Could you meet me on the roof at lunchtime?"

"The roof?  Sure."

Jesse nodded.  "Okay then."  Well... that was easy.

---

It was rather shocking for Jesse to see that Ada had beat her up to the roof.  The room for her last class was right next the stairwell that led up here, and she had wasted no time after the bell rung.  However, it was much more shocking to see that she had brought somebody with her. Jesse's eyes narrowed as she noticed who it was. The short-haired, piano-playing transfer student Iroha stood beside Ada, her hands on the rickety metal railing, leaning way out over and at the ground three stories down.  Ada spotted Jesse as the door to the roof closed, though she gave a tight-lipped glance at Iroha before speaking.

"Good, you are here."

"Oh!"  Startled, Iroha righted herself on the railing and spun, her earrings dangling about her face.  "Excuse me!"  She drew a finger threw her hair and smiled uneasily.

Ada was pointedly not looking her.  As Jesse walked over, she spoke in a tight voice. "I have found another student who is interested in the team."   Her jaw was unnaturally clenched, and she appeared to be forcing the words out.

"Iroha...?" Jesse whispered, disbelieving.

Ada raised en eyebrow.  "Do you know her?"

With a frown, Jesse turned to Iroha, studying her.  The girl nervously glanced from Ada to Jesse, smile somewhat faltering as she smoothed her skirt and bit her lip - although, she bounced excitably on her heels.  Her frown deepened.  She had several questions... however, first things first.

"I've also recruited a player."  She indicated the door.  "Should be here soon."

Right on queue, Skye busted open the door.  "Hello?" she called, striding onto the roof.  "Jesse?"  It took her a moment, but she eventually spotted the three of them and nodded to herself.  She walked over and joined the group.

Maybe it was the present company of two freshmen girls with whom she stood, but for the first time, Jesse really noticed Skye's size.  Jesse herself was tall for a girl and had never really noticed the relatively small height difference between them, but seeing Skye standing next to these two, nearly a head and a half taller than each, and certainly twice as thick... it was quite noticeable, especially in the way both of them tilted their heads back to look up at her.

"I remember you," Ada said as Skye approached.  "You were at Rex arena the other day."

Jesse blinked.  Ada knew Skye?

"Rex...?" Skye appeared dumbfounded for a moment, then recognition lit her face.  "Oh yeah!" She grinned.  "You're that girl who almost clocked Lachlan!"  She chuckled.  "I like your style."  She held out a hand.  "I'm Skye."

"Yes... well," Ada colored.  She held out a hand.  "Ada."

As they shook, Iroha tiptoed around Skye and planted herself in front of Jesse.  "I'm Iroha," she said, holding out a hand, eyes glistening.  Jesse took it.  The grasp was much firmer than she had anticipated, and she almost winced.  "Jesse."

Ada cleared her throat.  "I see you are interested in joining the team."

"Maybe."  Skye surveyed the group skeptically.  "You guys any good?"

Without missing a beat, Ada said, "We will be."  She spoke in such a monotone, brisk voice that it seemed a foregone conclusion, and with Ada, it probably was.

Skye folded her arms.  "Have you guys even played?"

"I am trying to FORM a team," Ada said, hands on hips.  "A serious team.  This is not some recreational activity, nor some kind of extracurricular hobby..." Her eyes flashed.  "I intend to be successful.  I intend to win."

Beside Jesse, Iroha's eyes were large and she clutched at her skirt.  "Finally," she whispered.  She sniffed and turned her head, wiping her eyes.

Ada looked over at her.  "Are you... okay?"

"Yes," Iroha said with another sniffle.  Abruptly she ran up to Ada and grabbed her in what looked like an uncomfortably tight hug.  Ada tried to push her away, but Iroha only hugged harder.  "I've been looking for somebody like this for so long!  You have no idea."  After an awkwardly long time, she let go and did not seem to notice the repulsive expression on a ruffled-looking Ada.  "So can I join!  When do practices start!"

"Would you stop doing that!" Ada snapped, brushing off her blouse and fixing her ponytail.  "You really need to calm down."

Jesse snickered.  She was beginning to like Iroha quite a lot.

Ada made a vexed sound, glaring at Jesse, but she turned to Skye and spoke.  "As for practices, we still need to decide.  There is not enough time right now, so we will have to meet again to figure that out."

"Alright," Skye said, rubbing her chin.  "Where?"

Jesse stepped forward.  "We'll have to get back to you on that." She glanced at Ada who raised an eyebrow.  "We still need to recruit another member."  She held up a hand.  "We need five, right?"

"Yes..." Ada said slowly.  "If the four of us are playing?" She looked around.  Iroha nodded back eagerly, and Skye shrugged.

"I'll make sure I'm on the lookout."

---

The sculpture had not come out quite correct.  Its eyes were too hollow, nose too curved, shoulders too misshapen.  The colors clashed with the clay, and the pose looked unrealistic.  But there it sat on the first-place pedestal of the art showcase, behind a pane of plastic glass, above two vastly superior works.

Jesse frowned at her clay statue in contempt.  Why had this won any sort of prize?  She had hardly spent much effort creating it. It galled her - really and truly - but her mind lately had been occupied with other things than her work in art class.  She used to enjoy it quite a bit... She even had aspirations to make that into a career somehow, but not anymore.  Her life was headed a much different direction now.  She turned away from the display, shaking her head.

The art display at which she had been looking was situated next to the art classroom, where Jesse's class was technically still in session.  However today, it had ended somewhat early.  Ms. Brugler had planned a 'finger-painting' period, obsessively talking about her two-year-old nephew, Desmond, who had inspired her with the idea.  Jesse had made a half-hearted attempt, but, much like her statue, it was just not quite correct.  Though, at least she tried.  The other five students in the class were somehow even less enthused.  They gave up quickly and went off to sketch, leaving Jesse alone in the room with Ms. Brugler for the remainder of the period, who, despite the subpar artistry, kept muttering odd compliments to her... things like "It's clear you have the mind of a child," and "Just like little Desi."  With a few minutes left in the period, Jesse had popped outside intending to go to the bathroom and wash off.  Her hands were so covered in red and brown paint that it looked like she had just murdered somebody.  The showcase had distracted her.

She began walking across the second-floor landing, towards the junior hallway bathroom, making sure that her hands were firmly shoved into the pockets of her hoodie, but before she got halfway across the landing, the bell rang.  Students burst from the doors and quickly began crowding the area. Jesse groaned.  She had dawdled for too long at the art booth.  She ducked her head and quickened her pace.  The bathroom was not much further.

With a few steps remaining, a boy suddenly popped out from classroom door to her left and ran into Jesse.  She staggered away, and, looking down, recognized who it was.  "Otis?"

"Watch where you're going..." Otis grumped, rubbing his head.

"Sorry... are you okay?"

"Yeah, yeah.... whats wrong with your hands?"

Jesse's hands had whipped out of her hoodie to keep her balance.  She quickly put them back in.  "Nothing.  Just paint.  I was going to wash them off."

"Oh..." He hefted the backpack he was always carrying around.  That was a quirk of his.  Otis never put his backpack in his locker.  He always got into trouble for it, but Jesse always thought he just needed an excuse to hunch over: his posture was atrocious.  "Maybe you should keep them that way.  Looks cool."

"Yeah... I'll have to pass on that."

He kicked his toes on the carpet, still not looking at her.  "So... Where you been lately?"

Jesse frowned.  "Umm, I've had stuff to do.  Sorry."  They had not spoken for a few weeks; she had been to preoccupied.  She felt a little bad about that.  They used to hang out a lot in between classes.  Nowadays though, the exhausting task of tailing Ada had been on top of her priorities.

"Oh."

"Well... umm... I'm gonna go wash off."  She flashed an apologetic smile and started to walk past him.

"Wait," he said.  She turned.  He stared at the ground, kicking his toes.  "You talked to my sister lately?"

Jesse raised an eyebrow.  "I haven't seen her.  Is she still doing tryouts?"

"Nope, those are over."

"Oh yeah, how did she do?"

"Had too much stuff to do to ask her yourself?"

"Otis," Jesse said, growing angry.  "I'm sorry I haven't been around, but I told you, I've been busy, and I will be for the foreseeable future."

He looked at her then, his brown eyes serious.  "She didn't make it.  Got benched."

---

After school, Vivi could not be found in any of her usual spots: she was not in the gym running her usual warmup.  She was not on the fields, performing her pre-workout stretching routine.  Neither was she in the locker room, sipping a recovery drink and quietly listening to the banter of her teammates.  So Jesse waited at the only place that remained: the base of a stop sign on the western side of the grounds, only sixty feet from the roundabout that funneled cars either into the city, towards the school, or on the frontage road that led towards a highway.  A bike route also began here, a concrete path maintained by the city that just so happened to divert in a perfect three-mile loop around Erran Valley.  It was here, an hour after school ended, that Jesse finally spotted Vivi, here hair whipping around her head as she ran diligently up the final hill to this very stop sign that marked the closing of the loop.

Having ascended the hill, Vivi slowed to a stop when she recognized Jesse.  Her hands made fists on hips, her chest rising and falling with huffs and puffs.  She must have been running quite hard to be so winded.  She did not say anything though; instead she regard Jesse with a certain impassivity that only she was ever able to achieve.

Jesse stepped forward.  "Otis told me about the tryout."

Vivi remained quiet, though she tensed.

"What happened?  Is it that new coach?"

She closed her eyes, letting out a large breath before she finally spoke.  "I want to tell you that it's fine.  Because it is.  But I know you won't accept that."

Jesse's eyes widened in indignation, but Vivi forestalled her.

"Coach thinks I am not suited towards basketball."  She held a flat hand to her the top of her head, brushing the blue ribbons the tied her hair into twin tails.  "Too short, you know?"

"That's ridiculous..." Jesse said, furiously shaking her head.  "She cut you because of that?"

"I wasn't cut though," Vivi said.  "Just on the bench."  She coughed, and looked away.  "Really, I'm relieved it wasn't any worse.  I thought I was done."

"You're lying."

"I'm not."

"Vivi, you work harder than anybody on that team.  You deserve a starting spot."

"It's not about deserving!"  Vivi's hands had folded into tight fists.  "It's about if I can play better than the next girl up."  She bowed her head.  "I guess I can't."





