The inside of Griffith's Coffee provided a certain calming vibe that Ada had not found in any other Coffee shop. She had trouble describing it. Wooden tables and chairs, smoothed with reflective lacquering, were strewn about the sitting area, arranged by those groups who had sat there previously.  The baristas all wore seasonal colors and were quick and efficient at their jobs.  Sunlight spilled in from tall windows that seemed to block out the drab sidewalk outside.  All of this contributed to that welcoming feeling, however they were all brought together by the booths lining the outside walls.  They were overlarge, such that even if she stood on the seat on her tiptoes, Ada would hae difficulty seeing over the top of them.  It was so easy to relax in the ample number of plushy cushions stuffed into the seats.  Ada often found herself wanting to doze off immediately upon jumping into the booth.  The best part, though, was that they somehow dampened noise: the clinking and chinking, the murmurs of conversations, the cars passing outside.  The booths reduced it all to such a low level that Ada could focus for hours and hours without noticing a single thing had happened.  She was comfortable here.  In control.

It was in one of these booths - the one in the far corner, furthest from the bar - that Ada sat, hands clasped around her cappuccino, carefully observing the four girls who accompanied her. To Ada's left, window-side, sat Iroha, positively buzzing with excitement as she hummed quietly to herself, sipping a fruit tea that Ada had not even noticed was on the menu.  Whenever Ada glanced towards the window, she caught Iroha beaming back at her, trying to catch her eye.  Ada pointedly ignored that.  Maybe Iroha would get the idea and stop; such behavior was unbecoming of a girl.  To Ada's right sat the enigmatic Jesse, chin in palm as she stared listlessly at the baristas mixing and shaking drinks for a small line of people.  Though Ada had kept her distance from everyone here, it was strange to see that Jesse also seemed to be holding back as well.  That was fine with Ada.  She could understand the motive.  Opposite Jesse was the quiet girl which Jesse had brought along.  Vivi was her name.  Though Jesse vouched for her as a friend, the label meant little since Jesse seemed to have quite a few people she counted as 'friends'.  Other than a brief greeting, Vivi had indicated neither a special desire nor liking for GDL, which left Ada wondering why she had come along.  If she could say anything for the girl, it would be that she sat with a firmness that Ada found, if not enticing, at least not repulsive.  Finally, in front of Ada, sucking a frothing soda through a bendy straw was the burly, boxy Skye.  If a bit rough-hewn and uncouth, Ada had to admit that Skye was the only one among this group who actually had any real experience.  That made her... invaluable?  Could she say that of Skye?  It seemed odd for some reason.  And of course Conscience had found an unobtrusive seat beside Skye, her face adorned with that same bored look she got whenever Ada was not alone with her.  Honestly, Conscience could pout like a child sometimes.

Noticeably absent from this group was Laurel.  Something was happening with him, Ada was certain.  His response text to this impromptu meeting had been curt and abrupt.  His excuse for not showing up was a "headache".  She would have to investigate that more later.  For now, she had a meeting to run.

With a rather satisfying clack, Ada slapped her notebook upon the table.  The four girls looked at her.  She cleared her throat.  "This is a meeting to discus the future of a new GDL team.  You all here have been invited to attend because it would be convenient if you agreed to join."

"No need to be so formal," Skye said with a mouthful of straw.  "And I thought we already agreed to join the team."

"Get used to that," Jesse said flatly.  "It's the only way she knows how to do things."  Off in the corner, Conscience chuckled.

"Of course I want to join!" Iroha exclaimed, grabbing Ada's elbow.

"Yes, well," Ada said, shaking Iroha off and uncorking a pen.  "Clearly I have more to say, or I would not have gathered you here."  She inked a title 'Erran Valley GDL Team' and with a set of bullet points wrote out the topics she wished to discus, then flipped the notebook around.  The table strained as the four girls leaned over to read.  "First on the agenda, as I have already stated, is that I need confirmation that each of you are committed to playing."  She looked at each girl in turn.  They all confirmed, although Vivi seemed hesitant, and Skye seemed bored.  It was enough, for now.  "The second thing is that we need a coach."

"Why?" Skye asked.  "Let's just go and play at Rex a few times."

Ada gave her a firm look.  "I intend for this to be a serious commitment.  We need a reliable way to improve ourselves, and a coach exists for that purpose."  She gave a cursory glance around the table.  Iroha was frowning, Jesse seemed thoughtful, and Vivi was nodding.

"What, so you want some guy to come run drills or something?" Skye asked.  "There's no way I'm doing that."

"I intend for our coach as much more than 'some guy'."  She took a small sip of her coffee.  It was just the right temperature, and she savored it a moment before continuing.  "For the past few weeks I have been training with our potential coach.  His name is Laurel.  He was supposed to be here," she could not keep the irritation from her voice, "he is... indisposed at the moment."

Beside her, Iroha squeaked.  "Laurel?  Do you mean... is it the same one that?"  Her eyes were wide, and once again she had unconsciously grabbed Ada's arm.

Stiffly, Ada pulled away and nodded. "Yes.  Laurel Gavin.  Up until recently he had been playing for Tyzon Team Victory.  He has agreed to coach our team."

"Wow," Skye said, yawning.  "I almost believe you."

"It's true," Jesse said.  She was glaring at Skye with an intenseness that surprised Ada.  "I've been training with Ada too."

Skye put down her drink.  "You have?"  She looked Jesse up and down.  "No offense Jesse, but you don't seem the type to play GDL.  I was kinda surprised to see you here."

Jesse crossed her arms and leaned back, but did not respond.

"Um," said a small voice.  They all looked at Vivi.  "Sorry, I don't really understand.  But who is this guy?"

"He's a GDL player," Skye said.  "One of the few good ones."

"He's the BEST!" Iroha said.  Her hand was curled in a fist, and she looked a Vivi incredulously, like it was almost impossible for somebody to not know who he was.  "He's amazing!  Did you really get him, Ada?  How?  Do you know him?  What happened to him after that game?"

"I--" Ada stuttered, but Jesse interrupted.

"Calm down, Iroha!  You're pushing Ada towards me."  It was true.  Ada had unconsciously drawn away from Iroha towards Jesse.  She giggled as Ada quickly righted herself and cleared her throat.  Thankfully she kept her cheeks from reddening.  Well, too much at least.  

Skye lifted her drink, chugged the rest of it, then looked at Ada.  After an unsavory burp, she said, "You're serious, aren't you?"

Ada nodded.  "I am serious."

"Okay," Skye said.  "Fine.  If he's the coach, I'm down."

"Good," Ada said, crossing that bullet point off her list.  "That brings us to the final point.  Practice.  We need a place to practice."  She circled the point and tapped it.  "I am the most uncertain about this.  I have looked up places where we could reserve a spot, however most of them are prohibitively expensive or far away.  I am open to ideas on this point."

"You could make the team a school club," Jesse said.  "They give you a sort of yearly allowance if you're registered."

"Unfortunately," Ada said, "There already is a GDL club at Erran Valley."

"There is?" Iroha said.  "Why didn't anybody tell me about that?"

"Because a bunch of dumb boys lord over the club," Skye said dismissively.  "They'd hardly let a girl like you in."

"What do you mean?" Iroha said, tilting her head.  "Do they not let new people join?"

"In a manner of speaking," Ada said.  "Are you perhaps thinking of leaving us for them?"

"Of course not!" Iroha said, rounding on Ada.  "But what if we all just joined them?  The more of us there are, the more people that can practice!"

Skye snorted.  "I'd rather eat my literature book than join that club."

"Would you, now?" Jesse said, with a raised eyebrow.  "That explains a lot."  They fell into a bickering argument that Ada was too tired to attempt to figure out was about.  Instead she turned to Iroha.

"I would rather not merge with them.  They are... not very welcoming."

"Hmm.  That's too bad.  I'd like to meet anybody who likes GDL."  She scrunched her face in thought for a moment, then turned away from Ada, looking out the window.  After a moment, she muttered something almost inaudible.  "I... might have a solution for your practice arena."

"You do?"

"Yeah," she turned back hesitantly.  "You know I'm a transfer student."

"Yes."

"Well, I'm living with my uncle, and he's..."

"He's what?"

She flustered, looking anywhere but at Ada, who began to grow frustrated.  "What is it?  Just tell me."

"Just promise me you won't tell anyone else.  Outside of the team.  I don't want people to know me for this."  She looked at Ada then, she had a pleading look that made Ada frown.  "Part of the reason I wanted to come to America was because of my uncle.  He was involved with GDL.  Like, a lot.  He has a whole arena in his basement."

