The bell chiming above Imani's head notified him that someone had recently entered through the front gates.  He glanced at the little clock on his desk.  A bit past eight.  He shook his head, gave a tsk, and resumed reading the leather-bound book in his hands.  It was not exactly a journal, but it contained a vast amount of little notes and anecdotes and phrases that he considered worth remembering.  Well, at least at some point or another in his life he had considered them worth remembering.  He made it a daily habit to write things down, as short and succinct as possible, to give a little snapshot of his mindset.  Had he the patience, he certainly would have kept a full diary, but as it was, he fancied the idea just enough to maintain this little book.

He was situated in the library, one of his favorite rooms inside his estate.  The room was cylindrical, situated in a tower on the eastern part of his grounds, just enough isolated from the hustle and bustle of the kitchens and his primary office to be both convenient and remote.  The library could be accessed via a covered walkway with a wooden parapet, the length of which was just enough to provide the necessary focus for contemplation the moment one arrived at the sliding wooden door at the entrance.   For Imani, it was important to have a place where he could sit, focus, and think.  He could accomplish this while sitting in a comfortable office chair, mahogany desk in front of him, surrounded by circular shelves of books rising two stories tall.  They absorbed the chaotic sounds of the outside city, providing a rare, natural silence.

The library was not always silent though.  Imani had found the room to be a a perfect medium for that pure sound that could only be achieved through traditional, non-electric instruments.  A cello and an acoustic bass each rested on a carved stands opposite his desk.  Several acoustic guitars were hung on one of the only sections of walls that did not contain shelves of books.  A recreation of a Spanish harpsichord stood near a window, sunlight accentuating the painted flowers and leaves that wrapped the lid.  That one was more of an art piece than an instrument, though it sounded wonderful all the same.  And in the direct center of the library was a Bechstein, nearly twelve feet long, lacquered top and sidings unblemished even though it was well over fifty years old.  Unfortunately, Imani could not claim to have played a single one of these instruments.  His interest in them had come later in his life, well after the point where he could spend hours training with them.  It was something he lamented, but knew to be true.  These instruments were best played by one with much more skill than he could achieve.

Quick footsteps came upon Imani's ears, quiet at first, then louder as they approached the library.  Imani perked up at the noise, eyebrow raising with each step pounding closer and closer.  Yes, that walkway could be used as a tool to achieve focus, but nothing prevented one from sprinting down the length it.  In the blink of an eye, the sliding door was thrust open with a loud clunk.

"Uncle!" said his niece, breathlessly.  "I've got amazing news!"

Imani calmly placed his book down, clearing his throat.  "According to the schedule your mother sent me, you were supposed to have been sitting over there two hours ago."  He indicated the black bench beside the piano.

Her cheeks flushed and her mouth opened slightly.

"She might disown me as a brother if she knew the kind of things you get away with here."

"But I---"

Imani raised a hand, smiling.  "Relax, Iroha.  I'm just kidding.  My sister was always a hard ass."

Iroha grinned, nervously.  "I can never tell if you're serious."

"Good," Imani said chuckling.  He folded his arms.  "But I am serious when I say you should be practicing more.  You've let that slip recently I think."

"It's fine!" she said.  "I can make it up later.   I've been doing more important stuff."

"Oh yeah?"

"YES!" she bounced excitedly.  "I have wonderful news!"  She skittered forward, then for some reason, hesitated, fidgeting with one of her huge, loopy earings.  In many ways Iroha was a polar opposite from her stern mother; from her endless excitableness, her cute face which resembled nothing of this stoic countenances of her heritage, and her short hair: all things Chie would consider 'plebian' on anyone but her daughter.   But these earrings always reminded Imani of his sister at ten years old, gazing into the mirror, eyes wide as she pressed delicate palms to that very same set of earrings.

"What?" Imani said.  "Is something wrong?"

"No!  It's just...  Well, I joined a GDL team today!"

"Is that so?" Imani said, stroking his chin.  That was another stout difference from her mother: Iroha's fascination with GDL.  Take one look at her room on the west wing of the grounds, and one would find an impressive amalgamation of paraphernalia indicating the sport; a collection reminiscent of an otaku.  Jerseys, pennants, bobble heads, miniature models of capsules, dolls, portraits, plushies... All displayed proudly for everyone to see. Well, anyone allowed in there.  Imani was sure she had a body pillow somewhere in her closet.

"Yes," she said, not meeting his eyes.  "Except I might have promised them something."

"What?"

"I told them about your facilities.  I offered them up, actually."  She looked at him then, eyes pleading.  "I didn't do it for no reason though!  I know they're not mine to offer, but we don't have a place to practice, and nobody could come up with any answers, and I just felt like everything was going so wrong!"

"Iroha..."

"I'm really really sorry, Uncle, but we need them!"

"Iroha!"

She calmed down.

"It's okay.  Honestly it's okay.  It's about time somebody put them to use."

"Really?"

"Yes."

A wave of relief passed over her and she bounced even more excitedly than before.  "Oh thank you! Thank you thankyouthankyou!"

Imani waved a hand.  "Of course... we need to talk about the logistics of this later.  I can't have them available all the time."  He folded his hands.  "But first, why don't you tell me a little about this team.  Are they from Erran Valley?"

"Yes!" she said.  "There's this really cool girl - her name is Ada - and she found this guy who used to be super good at GDL - except he doesn't play anymore because he's blind - but he's going to coach us!"

"What?" Imani said, sharply.  "Did you just say, he was 'blind'?"

"Weird right?  Yeah, but he seems pretty cool."

"Did you talk to him?"

"No, Ada just told as about him.  Apparently she has been doing one on one training with him."

---

Tobin's sturdy hand helped pull Laurel out of the car.

"Careful, there's a puddle right there."

Laurel stepped a bit further than normal, foot landing on solid concrete, and used Tobin to sturdy himself.  "Thank you," he said.  He stuck his hands in his pockets.  "Is that cafe nearby?"

"This way."  He closed the car door and walked passed Laurel, brushing his shoulder to indicate where he was walking.  Laurel kept stride with him as they proceeded down the block.

"You know they're gonna want me to ask right," Tobin said, sheepishly.  "Who are you meeting here?"

"His name is Imani Bernard.  He's... an acquaintance from my GDL days."

"I'm guessing your not here to talk about old times."

"I think he wants my help."

"Cool.  Cool."

"Are you going to stick around?"

He chuckled.  "They're curious about your shenanigans, Laurel, but not really that curious.  Don't worry.  I'll wait in the car."

Laurel nodded.

Tobin veered off to one side, and suddenly Laurel's feet trod upon an outdoor welcome mat.  He heard a bell tingle as a door opened, and the warm air of a city cafe rushed passed his face.  They crossed the threshold onto a creaky, wooden floor, and Laurel's ears were met with a din of conversation, faucets, and cutlery.

"So who am I looking for?" Tobin said in his ear.

"Lone guy, by himself.  Can't be many like him."

"You'd be surprised," Tobin said flatly.  "There are some lonely gentlemen out there.  But I think I see him."

He ushered Laurel with him as he crossed the sitting area.

Two knocks sounded on wood.  "Hey, you wouldn't happen to be Imani Bernard, would you?"

A mug was set on the table, and a voice Laurel recognized spoke. "I am."

"Alright!" Tobin pushed Laurel forward.  "There you go.  I'll be outside when you're done."  He patted Laurel on the back.

Laurel found a chair and sat down.

"Want anything?" Imani asked.  "The coffee is, at the very least, adequate."

"No," Laurel said.  "Let's just get this over with."

"Very well."  Imani took a sip of his drink and set his mug back down.  "Let me ask you a question.  What are you doing?"

"What?"

"You heard me: what are you doing?  You disappear for months and months, suddenly you appear and you've decided to coach a bunch of high school girls in GDL.  What. Are. You. Doing."

"It's not what it looks like," Laurel responded.

"Honestly, Laurel, I'm not sure what it looks like.  I don't know what to think about this.  The last time I spoke to you, I saw a broken man, ready to give up on everything he had accomplished.  That man and this situation don't add up."

Laurel shrugged.  "I had a change of heart."

"I see."  He took another sip.  "Allow me to rephrase the question.  What do you see in Adalais Eldridge?"


