With a flick of his wrist, Imani turned the handle on the door to the basement and proceeded down the steps behind it.  The descent was further than one a typical house's basement - nearly four stories of stairs along a narrow hallway, although there was plenty of room for artwork and decorations to distract along the way.  Imani very much enjoyed maps, and it was here that he had decided to place some of his collection: from world maps, to house layouts and everything in between, their frames were aligned at exact two-meter intervals along each wall, illuminated by lamps fabricated in the shape of torches - not too gaudily of course; he did not want it to look like the passageway to a dungeon.  Just enough to give a certain, gravity.

Halfway down, the stairs themselves went from blue-gray carpeting to a sort of chalky slate, and the left wall opened to a well of space.  Imani idly ran his hand along the stone banister here, glancing down to the base of the staircase, where a man stood.

"Did I keep you long?" Imani said as his foot hit the tiled floor.

"No," Laurel replied, tersely.

"I'm surprised you found your way down here so quickly.  My guests sometimes have a tendency to get lost."

"Your butler was helpful."

Imani raised an eyebrow, "Was he?  I've had trouble with him playing pranks in the past."

He strode past Laurel, stopping at the base of a massive, metal door opposite the stairs.  Cylindrical and sharp, it more resembled the door to a bank vault than anything that should reside in a house.  Imani reached into his shirt and pulled out a key card, swiping it against a dim light on the wall.  A pleasant beep sounded, followed by a sequence of rapid clicks and clunks as the door rotated open.

"This way," Imani said, walking through, footsteps echoing in the vast DL arena beyond.

He made his way to the large table off to the side, pulling out the cushioned chair at the end, and sitting in it.  Laurel followed, occupying the chair on the opposite end of the table.

"Forgive my brashness," Imani said, "I don't entertain blind people very often, but it does not seem to affect your movement as much as I would have anticipated."

He shrugged.  "A little practice goes a long way."

"Speaking of," Imani said, reaching over to the little console with a touch screen embedded in the table.  He held a finger to the bottom right of the screen, sending a subtle white wave across it, and one by one, lights began to flicker on in the arena.  The Capsules themselves, having been laying dormant horizontally, rotated upwards and out towards their regular stations, hoisted by the thick cabling attached to the ends.  The whole process took nearly five minutes, and both Imani and Laurel waited patiently for the clank of the last one being set in place.

"So," Laurel said.  "Maybe we should talk about what we're going to do today."

"Yes, let's."  Settling into his chair, Imani told Laurel about his plans for the team.  It had always been a possibility for Iroha to ask him to coach a GDL team.  In fact it was surprising she hadn't asked sooner.  The plans of which he spoke to Laurel had been formulated months ago, everything prepared for this eventuality.  In truth he had always wanted to aid her.   Iroha had such passion that Imani simply could not refuse.   He spoiled Iroha - he knew that - but what else was an uncle supposed to do?

Laurel remained quiet as Imani spoke, nodding his head hear and there, sometimes shrugging, sometimes thoughtful.  He gave no objections, and neither did he ask about Imani's preparedness.  All he said when Imani fell silent was, "Seems like a good plan."

"I'm glad," Imani said.  He leaned back in his chair.  "I guess we wait for them to arrive then."

---

"Is this the place?"  Ada asked, shivering.

"I don't know." Conscience said.  "Looks like it might be."

They had come upon a metal gate, three times taller than Ada, and eight as wide.  It blocked a road that led between two white-plastered walls stretching many blocks into the city in each direction.  Whatever these walls blocked off could not be seen from where Ada stood, but it was certainly odd to find such a large, walled-off place situated very near the center of the city, nestled between a five-story office building, a brick warehouse, and a park.  The dot on Ada's phone marked her in the exact spot she was supposed to meet Iroha for the first team practice today.

Ada looked around.  There were not many people nearby, even in the park across the street.  It was a colder day than usual today, and the early Saturday morning did not entice most outside.  The occasional car or truck drove down the wet roads, making small troughs in the light dusting of snow that had accumulated on the street.

"I'm cold," Conscience complained.  "If this is the place, you should find a way inside."

Readying herself for an appropriately candid response, Ada suddenly spotted a figure sitting beside the wall.  Ada has missed her on first look: she was curled up tight, and her thin hoodie blended in the the wall, but she could not mistake that distinct blue hair ribbon.  "I believe that is Jesse's friend... Vivi...?"  She hesitated a moment, unsure if she wanted to speak with her.

Conscience shoved her forward.  "What are you waiting for!?  Maybe she knows a way inside!"

Stumbling forward, Ada shot her a filthy look, then righted herself.  That Vivi was here meant this was the right place to be.  Probably.

She strode over to the girl and crossed her arms.  "Why are you sitting there?"

Vivi rotated her head up.  "Uh..." She looked away when she recognized Ada.  "Hey."  A thin layer of snow matted the top of her head, gathering in the natural creases caused by fluffy, blue earmuffs.  "I wasn't sure this was the right place."  She exhaled, breath visible in a puff for a few seconds as it floated upward.

"How long have you been sitting there?"

"Couple minutes."

"Were you just going to wait for somebody to come get you?"

She shrugged.

Rolling her eyes, Ada held out a mittened hand.  "Stand up.  I do not want you too cold practice."

Vivi stared blankly between the hand and Ada, then grasped it.  She was extremely light, and when she stood, Ada nearly pulled her into the street.  Vivi collided into her, and they each let go of each other quickly, letting relieved breaths when they were a sufficient distance apart.  "Thanks," Vivi muttered, dusting off her hips.  "Do you know where to go?"

Ada made a vexed sound.  "No, I do not."  She surveyed the gate beside her.  Upon closer inspection, it appeared quite intricate.  It was comprised of several panels of geometric shapes, seemingly thatched together with metal wiring.  These panels fit together like puzzle pieces, separated by little, nearly transparent strands of cabling, making the shapes on the gate almost appear to be floating.  Each of these little strands looked quite thin.  Ada walked up and rattled the gate.  It hardly budged.  Apparently they were also quite sturdy.

Conscience tapped her on the shoulder and pointed to the side of the gate where a small, terminal was embedded in the wall.  A blue light blinked subtly above it.

"Why did you not point that out before?"

"Huh?" Vivi said.

She tsked.  "Nothing."  Ada strode over to the terminal and jammed her mitten into a small button labeled 'Call' between the 'Report' and 'Unlock' buttons.  A wave emanated across the terminal, and then it went completely blank.  Ada frowned at it, poking it some more.  Then the screen flashed, and on it appeared Iroha's face.  She squinted out of the screen.

"Ada, is that you?"

"Yes," Ada said, arms folded, tapping her foot.  "Can you open this gate?"

"Yeah yeah!  Umm... wait just a sec.  Everybody got here just a minute ago, I was waiting out front but... Just hang on."  Her face disappeared, leaving a glimpse into the room beyond.  Ada spotted a brick fireplace behind a large table, set with twelve chairs... and was that a chandelier?  Suddenly an unseen man's voice came through the terminal.

"Iroha!  How many times have I told you not to leave this on!"  The terminal winked out, then back, showing the buttons like it had before.

Ada rolled her eyes.  She caught a slight smile on Vivi's face, though.  In fact, she rather resembled Conscience.

A few moments later, the gate began to open, sliding into the wall with a sort of quiet grace.  Ada watched until it had fully retracted, then struck up a brisk pace down the road, Vivi following in her wake.

They walked for about five minutes. The path lead upwards, winding back and forth around small hills snow-covered trees.  When they finally crested the top, they were treated with a view of a quite large mansion.  Vivi stopped when she saw it.  "Is that it?" she asked, a little breathlessly.

Ada continued onward.  She did not like to answer stupid questions.

At the door, Ada took off her mitten to knock, but before her fist made contact it burst open and Iroha peeked out.

"Ah!" She said.  She flung open the door.  "Come in!  Come in!  It's super cold."

Ada and Vivi stomped inside, Iroha closing the door behind them.  As they remove their coats and boots, Iroha spoke hurriedly.

"Skye and Jesse are already down in the arena.  They got her so fast! I didn't know if I should show them where to go or wait for everybody!  I'm sorry, I should have been there."

"It's okay," Vivi said, tapping her boots on the floor to get the snow off.  "Got here eventually."

"I know but, what if you got lost?!  It's horrible to think about."

"Really it's fine."

Ada neatly tucked her mittens in the pocket of her hung-up coat, and rounded on Iroha.  "Where should we go?"  She did not have time to placate Iroha's worries.  Today would be a busy day, and she wanted to start training as soon as possible.

Iroha seemed to have forgotten their purpose.  She blinked, then suddenly beamed at Ada.  "To the basement!" she nearly shouted.  She darted off, beckoning them to follow.

Some part of Ada had not really believed that Iroha's uncle owned an entire GDL arena.  The simple idea was preposterous.  It had to be some kind of joke.  But it was true.  She followed Iroha to a door which led down several floors, and opened upon a giant room.  Here, impossibly, rested ten Capsules, arranged in a circle at the center of the arena, ready to be entered.  Ada paused when she saw them, intaking her breath sharply.

---

TODO SECTION

---

"So, let us start then, shall we?"

Imani clapped his hands, and bright lights winked on, one after another, in a great arc around the arena. These lights illuminated the ten Capsules docked on the ground, where ladders were extending slowly towards the ground.  Ada felt her skin begin to tingle with excitement.  Finally, she could have another chance back in there!  She calmed herself.  This was important.  She could not have herself be distracted.

The other girls clearly did not approach the situation in the same manner.

"This is yours?" Jesse said, eyes wide. "We're supposed to climb into those things?" 

Iroha was so excited she was cackling incoherently with glee.

"Impressive," Skye said, arms folded as she surveyed the wide space.  "Newer models, by the looks of them.  Even Rex hasn't gotten them yet.  Supposed to be more comfortable."

Vivi said nothing, but for the first time since Ada had seen her, she seemed to visibly slacken.  She appeared much different: open, vulnerable... like the shell she normally sheltered behind had been shed.  After a few moments, she noticed Ada watching her and looked away, immediately re-assuming that shell, eyes tightening.

"Go ahead," Imani said, beckoning towards the Capsules.  "Get yourselves strapped in, then we can start."

With a pointed decorum, Ada rose from her chair and made her way to the nearest Capsule, ignoring Iroha and Skye as they dashed past.  Honestly, they were like startled geese.

"Umm," Jesse said, hesitantly.  "I've never been inside one before.   And neither has Vivi."

Imani nodded.  "That's fine.  Let me show you what to do."  He beckoned them to follow him.

Ada's Capsule looked very much like the one she had entered in Rex - though, maybe it was a bit larger, and this one was painted a matte white.  She climbed to the top of the ladder, and stopped, sitting on the little support there.  She glanced around.  Skye had certainly wasted no time: the cockpit door of her Capsule was already closed, ladder retracted, ready light blinking.  Jesse and Vivi were standing at the base of theirs, listening apprehensively to Imani as he described how they could lock themselves in, and Iroha sat upon the same support her own Capsule as Ada, smiling at the scene, eyes glazed.  Ada turned towards her own cockpit and sighed resolutely.

This time it was much simpler for Ada to strap into exoskeleton.  This Capsule appeared much simpler than the other one, the footholds more obvious, waist clamp more sturdy.  When all the lights indicating the proper straps were lit, she calmly leaned her head back, snapping the visor into place.  It took a few seconds, but she heard the ladder retracting as the Capsule initialized.  Then, as that familiar whiteness popped into view, she suddenly felt a wave of intense nausea

It was much worse than anything she had felt in her life.  Her vision wavered and her insides threatened to empty all over the Capsule.  Her body went limp, the rigid exoskeleton the only thing holding her upright.  Then, just as suddenly, the nausea left her.

Breathing hard, she opened her eyes to a white landscape, and her feet brushed the ground. She was inside the world of GDL. The Capsule gave her control over her body now.

However, she remained still for some time, terrified that the nausea would return.  It did not.

What was that?  A concerning question.  But she shook her head.  Maybe it was a strange side-effect of entering the Capsule a second time.  She would have to ask Laurel.

Tentatively she took a step forward.  Her foot moved with that same alien discrepancy between her intentions and the actual action.  After a short, stabling breath, she attempted a short jump.  She landed with a small thud, knees almost buckling, only barely managing to remain upright.  Well.  At least that was normal.

A sequence of beeps sounded right next to her ears, followed by Imani's voice.  "Hello there everyone.  Hopefully everyone is set?"

"Yes!" Iroha all but shouted, followed by Skye's flat "Yes," and then Jesse and Vivi's tentative affirmations.

"Ada?"

"I am ready."

"Good.  Let's begin with something simple, shall we?"

Ada felt a small lurch as she was lifted from the ground, the whiteness dulling somewhat.  After a moment a platform materialized beneath her, and she fell a short distance to land upon it.  Not elegantly, of course, but she did not fall over.  The same could not be said of everyone else who had dropped beside her.

Jesse and Vivi both struggled to stand up, having fallen flat on their faces.  Skye looked down upon them with a raised eyebrow, Iroha with anxiety.  Each of them was adorned with the same, standard GDL outfit that looked more like a full-body suit than clothing: black, with two white stripes wrapping around the shoulders.

Skye held up a hand in front of her face and regarded her appearance.  "Damn, this is basic.  I have so much unlocked at Rex, I forgot how the standard skin looks."

"We can turn on anything you want," Iroha piped up, striding up to her.

Imani's voice resounded about them.  "That isn't important right now, Iroha."

She blushed.

"We are going to do a simple drill so I can assess your skill levels.  Jesse and Vivi, you'll go last so you can see how it's done.  Skye, why don't we have you go first?"

"Sure," she said, looking around.  "What are we doing?"

"One second."

There was a brief pause, then whoosh like a the gust of a strong wind, and the platform on which they stood extended about twenty yards in front of them.  Halfway across the platform A bright, blue wall extruded about three times Ada's height.

"We'll start simple here.  Just use your vaults to go up and over that wall, and land on the other side without falling off."

"Really?" Skye asked.  "That's it?"

"Umm," Jesse said.  She had sidled up to the edge of the platform, peering into the vast whiteness below.  "What happens if we fall off?"

A new voice sounded then.  Laurel chuckled.  "Why don't you jump and find out?"

Jesse's eyes widened.  "Why would I--"

"I'm serious," Laurel interrupted.  "You'll want to get used to falling off.  It'll happen a lot.  It's not like you'll die or anything."

"I--" Jesse said, glancing back over the edge.

Vivi walked awkwardly up behind her.  "C'mon," she murmured.  "Let's just do it."

"But--"

With a palm in the back, Vivi pushed Jesse off the platform, then immediately jumped off too.  They both plummeted until they were small pinpricks in the distance.

Skye shook her head and rolled her eyes.  "Seriously guys?"

With a bassy reverberation, both girls suddenly faded into view, floating above the platform.  When their feet hit the ground, Jesse again toppled forward onto her face, but Vivi, with a few stabilizing steps, remained upright.  She had a huge grin on her face.

"That was awesome!" she exclaimed.  "Can I jump again?"

Down on the ground, Jesse lay, breathing heavily.  "Never.  Do that.  Again."  Iroha walked over and helped Jesse to her feet, where she wobbled dangerously.

"Can we just get started," Skye said.  "This is boring."

"Go ahead," Imani said.

Skye walked over to a blue line on the platform and stopped.  Here she assumed the stance of a runner about to explode forward, and then did just that.  With blazing speed, she took three humongous strides, then leaped upward, engaging her vaults simultaneously.  The jump was controlled though, propelling her just enough to get to the top of the wall, which she grabbed with a hand as her feet swung over to the other side.  She landed on the ground with a resonating thud, knees bent upon impact, then stood up straight.

"Easy," she said, folding her arms.

"Very good," Imani said.  He sounded impressed.

Ada's face tightened.  She had made that look so easy.  She looked to Jesse in Vivi, whose eyes were transfixed upon Skye, mouths open.

"Can I go next," Iroha said, raising a hand.

"Yes, Iroha.  Go on."

She skipped up to the line and stood with her right foot forward, bent over slightly.  She shook her hands out, took a deep breath, and set her jaw.  Then, much like Skye, she blasted forward.  However, unlike Skye, after her first stride, she seemed to stumble, ankle wobbling, and the imbalance interfered with her next step.  She jumped then, awkwardly, vaults engaging, and suddenly she was shooting directly towards the wall.  She was angled slightly off though, and her shoulder collided violently against the wall halfway up its length, sending her spinning off into the white void.  She materialized next to Ada a few moments later, blushing furiously.

"That happens to me sometimes.  I'm just nervous, you know."

"Good attempt, Iroha," Imani said.  "Let's have one of he new girls try it now.  Jesse?"

"I... don't think I can do that," Jesse said.

"Just give it a try," Imani said.  "Do not worry if you fall."

Jesse gulped, but she wobbled over to the starting line.  She took a breath, and then bounded forward.  The result was... predictable.  Her first stride looked good enough, but she did not get her right leg forward in time for her second stride, and she tripped, unceremoniously tumbling off the platform.  When she reappeared, Vivi strode next to her and grabbed her shoulders to keep her from falling again.

"A good attempt," Imani said.  "Though, you should slow yourself down until you get used to the feeling of the Capsules."

"Thanks for the advice," Jesse said flatly, hand on her chest.

"Ada?" Imani said.

Butterflies flooded Ada's stomach, but she squelched them.  She tried to walk up to the line like Skye had, like it was a normal gait, but the movement was still unnatural for her, and she knew she appeared uncomfortable.  At the line, she took a breath.  Then she lunged forward.  She anticipated the slowness of her strides, and knew to wait before continuing, but even then she almost got derailed.  Somehow, blessedly, she kept her balance though.  On the third stride, she jumped upward and engaged her vaults, just like Skye, but instead of elegantly arcing to the top of the wall, she jumped with such force that she flew completely past the top at breakneck speed, flying through the air well past her intended landing point on the edge of the platform.  She fell into the white abyss and got transported back up to the starting point.

"That was quite a jump," Imani said.  "Most new players don't know how to time that properly."

Ada crossed her arms, and looked away from everybody else.  She knew her weaknesses.  That is why she was here.  To work on them.  It still galled her that she had them though.

"Okay.  Last, but certainly not least, Vivi, why don't you give it a try?"

Eagerly, Vivi made her way up to the starting line.  Then without waiting and composing herself like everybody else, she abruptly bounded forward.  Her strides were surprisingly straight, and she jumped at almost the exact same spot Skye had.  Astonishingly, her jump took her just to the top of the wall at almost the perfect height, but her jump had rotated her backwards, and her leg nicked the side of it, spinning her yet further.  Her arms and legs flailed as she fell to the other side of the platform, back landing on the edge of it, and she fell off.  When she reappeared, she held that same grin on her face.  "Almost," she whispered.

Ada crossed her arms.  How in the world was that fair?  That had to be the first time Vivi used the vaults.  And she had almost done it?

"Very good, Vivi," Imani said, taken aback.  "Alright.  I've got a clear picture of what everyone needs to learn.  I think we can begin in earnest now." 

And so they did.

Imani assigned them each a drill, a simple movement exercise, similar to the first test he had them all perform, except much more mundane, and far more exhausting.  Ada did not see what he had anybody else doing, as Imani generated a little arena with painted lines on the floor all for her, and gave her a route to jump around them.  Five minutes later he came back to check on Ada and found her doubled over, huffing and puffing.

"Keep at it.  You'll get better in no time."

The practice proceeded just like that, Imani popping in, offering encouragement or otherwise proffering another simple, movement task to perform.  Sometimes Laurel would provide some basic instruction.  Otherwise they left Ada alone.  Overall it was extremely exhausting.  Ada was glad nobody else was there to watch her struggle.  It was a good thing she had started to get her body into shape before a practice like this.  Otherwise, she likely would have been sore for weeks.  However, with each movement she made she felt just a little bit more confident and at ease in her Capsule.  Her mind began to automatically adjust to the feeling of it.  Steps no longer felt so awkward.  Jumps no longer nearly impossible.  It was quite encouraging, actually.

After some time had passed - Ada had lost track - Imani came back to tell Ada that the practice was concluded.  Ada's Capsule descended to the ground, the visor releasing as the cockpit hatch opened.  She unlatched herself from the exoskeleton and scrambled out the hatch.  Sweat dripped all over the place as she carefully climbed down the ladder, wincing has her sore arms and legs protested.  She made it to the bottom though, and looked around.  Skye, hair slick with sweat, was speaking animatedly with Iroha at the base of her Capsule.  Iroha who listened intently, seemed to be favoring one of her legs, leaning gingerly on and off of it.  Vivi was sliding down the ladder looking up at Jesse's Capsule, where Imani was ostensibly helping her unlatch herself from the exoskeleton.

"Hey."

Ada gasped and whipped around to find Laurel standing behind her.  "Do not sneak up on me like that!" she snapped, then let out a sigh.  "What is it?"

"How'd it go?"

"Better than the last time."

"That's good."  He was being awfully, casual.  His hands were in his pockets, and he hunched slightly.

Ada folded her arms.  "Is that it?  Do you not have anything further to say?"

He smiled slightly.  "You expect a lot from me."

"Are you not supposed to be a coach, after all?"

"Right now I can only tell you things you already know," he said, holding up his hand and ticking off his fingers.  "You don't get better at anything without practice.  It'll take some time before I'll be useful to you."  He pointed to his eyes.  "For now you'll have to rely on Imani.  He can be more specific."

"I see."

Ada did not know what she expected, but surely he had something to say.  For goodness sakes, the man standing in front of her now had been the greatest GDL player in the world. 

Laurel put his hands back in his pockets and turned away from her, towards the command station.  "I did have something to ask you," he said, slowly.

Ada narrowed her eyes.  "What?"

"When you entered your Capsule, you seemed... distressed."

"I..." Ada grimaced, "felt a little bit strange, yes.  It went away, though."

He shrugged.  "Imani noticed it, really."

"I ended up fine," Ada said.  "Should I be worried?"

"Not yet," he said.  "You can still see."  With that, he strode away, leaving Ada to work out whatever that was supposed to mean.