Vivi's bright, orange cleats crossed the endzone line first, with Ada and Jesse's much less bright shoes following a few seconds later, then Iroha's, and finally Skye's.

"Barely made it," Imani said, thumb and forefinger clicking the metal watch on his wrist.  "Lucky for you, otherwise I think Laurel would have made you do it all again."  He gave a thumbs up to Laurel, who stood with arms crossed, an unimpressed expression on his face.  However he did not say anything.

There was a collective sigh of relief as each girl doubled over, hands on knees, breathing hard - well, all save for Vivi who gave an almost regretful look towards the other end of the football field on which they had been sprinting.  She did not look in the least bit winded.

Ada forced herself to stand up straight, hands on her hips, trying to will hear breathing to slow down.  It did not really work: she ended up experiencing a fit of hacking coughs.  When she recovered, her face was flush with embarrassment, and she pointedly the raised eyebrow on Jesse's face, but she felt a little better.  Better than Skye, at least, who had all but collapsed on the ground in an apparent exhaustion, still huffing and puffing.

"That's all for today," Imani said, turning around.  "We'll meet here again tomorrow before heading to the Capsules."

"Bring your cleats," Laurel said, following him.

When they had gone out of earshot, Skye rolled over onto her hands and knees.  "This--" she said, in between breaths.  "--Is bullshit."

They all looked towards her.

"This running," Skye said.  "It's completely... pointless.  They can't make us do this."

"Why not?" Ada remarked.  "It is important for us to develop our physique."

Skye hawked a wad of spit onto the grass.  "Not like this," she said.  "This is just stupid."

"We can get through this," Iroha said hobbling over to Skye and kneeling down beside her. Although, she too looked about to collapse on the ground.  "It's how we get better."

"If it's gonna be like this, then--"

"Then what?"  To Ada's surprise, Jesse had stepped forward and interrupted Skye.  "You're gonna give up on us just because of a little running?"  Her face held an expression of contempt that Ada had never seen before.

"A little?" Skye's eyes bulged.  "You call that 'a little!?'"

Jesse's tilted her head towards Vivi.  "Talk to her if you want to know what real training is."

"I--" Vivi held her hands up, stepping back.  "Don't bring me into this."

Jesse rounded on her.  "Why not?  You of all people here know what it's actually like to train for something."

"I don't really... I'm not that..."

"Don't you do this again...  You never give yourself enough credit!"

Iroha looked from Jesse to Vivi, a distressed expression on her face.

"Vivi is a freak," Skye said.  "I don't know how you do it, but we obviously can't count on you to know what's actually hard."

"She works hard," Jesse spat.  "Something you are clearly not capable of understanding."

"I--"

"Just STOP!" Ada shouted, holding one hand up, the other massaging her temple.  They fell silent, looking to her.

This was all so... ridiculous.  Was she surrounded by total incompetent idiots who just bickered all the time?  

"Stop.  Please.  You are giving me a massive headache."  She rubbed particularly hard at a knot by her ear.  "I do not care about some stupid arguments you might have between each other.  I do not care if you are enjoying yourself.  I care about this team, and its improvement.  Nothing more."  She turned to Skye.  "I believe you have an issue with how we are training?  Might I remind you that the best GDL player in recent memory is a primary consultant on what we are doing.  It speaks to your arrogance for you to presume that his routine is wrong.  If you really think this is a waste of time, then I do not want you here.  You are not worth having around.  Leave, if that is the case."  She stared at Skye.

Ada received a challenging stare back, but her words hit home, and Skye broke the standoff.  "This sucks," she muttered, looking at the ground.  She did not offer further argument.

Ada was tempted to barrage her further, but knew it would be pointless.  Skye would not respond to such bullying. Instead, she rounded on Jesse.  "And you.  You turn everything into a personal matter.  This is not complicated.  We are here to train first, and to delve into those problems later.  Focus is important.  Stop stirring up irrelevant matters and sowing discord."

Jesse appeared aghast, but Ada did not give her time to respond.  She sighed loudly, and turned away from the team.

"Honestly, at times like this I struggle to understand how we could possibly succeed."  She strode away.  Let them bicker if they really must.  She had said her thoughts.  If they did not like them, then she could continue on her own.





