Ada placed the projector tube in the middle of the table, and a screen flickered into view, blue tint illuminating each girl's face as they looked to it.

"June 10th," Ada said, folding her arms.  "Precisely one month before the game which had the incident that caused you to lose your vision.  You played a match against Carthage Gaming.  Obviously you won - you never lost a game - but you did something in that match that I have never seen anybody replicate."  She tapped the table twice and the projected screen began playing a clip.

Proud ran towards two opponents, one brandishing a hardner, the other, a grav.  They did something Ada had seen hundreds of times: the grav was used to send the player with the hardner flying at breakneck speed towards Proud.  The intention was to force Proud to dodge in a predictable direction so that the grav could be retraced with Proud caught in the beam.  It was a very standard maneuver when two against one like this, almost impossible to prevent.  But as the hardner player rocketed forward, Proud skidded with his back on the ground, feet in the air, and used his vaults to push the hardner into the sky.  He then used his enforcer on the ground to rotate his body in a spectacular pirouette, but this had another effect.  The ground exploded into huge chunks of rocks and dirt, which were sucked into the grav beam pointed towards Proud.  They all began to fall towards the grav, along with Laurel.  The player realized his folly and grounded the beam, but the chunks of earth were already zipping towards him, he dove to the side, barely blocking Proud's enforcer with his own.  However, he did not see the huge chunk of boulder Proud had grappled behind him.  It knocked into his back with a crunch, sending him tumbling out of the round.  Proud turned to face the player with the hardner.

The projector winked out.

"I never saw that," Skye blurted, and for once she sounded awestruck.  "How did you do that?  How did you know the ground would do that?"

"Exactly what I would like to know," Ada said.  "I have tried using my enforcer on the ground before, just like that.  I have only ever managed a dent."  She looked to Laurel, who sat back in his chair, arms behind his head.  "You do recall this, Laurel?"

"Yeah," Laurel said.  "I know exactly what you just showed everybody."

"So, how did you do that?"

Infuriatingly, he just shrugged.  "Certain pieces of the geometry will do that if you hit them in the right spot.  You just have to be on the lookout for them."

"Yes, but," Ada said, "that has never happened in a professional game.  You are the only person to use that technique."

"It's not that hard.  Just look around for weak spots.  I'm sure you'll find them."

