The vibrant, white of the GDL horizon was the only thing Ada could see right now.  She had fallen on her back for the tenth time in a row, trying to to correctly perform a backflip, or as Laurel referred to it: "a basic jump."  She remained on her back, wisps of fake GDL grass brushing her cheeks and arms, contemplating all the things that went wrong with her movement.  She had ascertained a few vague reasons - her chin was too tight, legs too narrow, eyes too focused, chest too flat - but she could never pinpoint anything specific.  The only thing she had narrowed down was this: the root of her problems seemed to be that she did not trust herself.  As her vault-enhanced legs rotated above her head, for a brief moment she always panicked before remembering what to do, and that hesitation was enough to cause the failure condition of her back on the ground.  She could simply not stop it, regardless of how many time she told her mind not to panic, at some point, it always happened.  This, of course, made her angry.  What reason did she have to panic in such a way?  What excuse could she give for her own incompetence, her own inability to learn this simple jump?

Ada rose to her feet, jaw set, ready to try again.  However, she paused for a moment, observing her teammates.

A few feet to her left, in a Capsule of red slashed with gold stripes, Jesse crouched, swung her arms back, and jumped, effortlessly flipping in an elegant arc, her feet landing with a firm thud on the ground in nearly the exact spot she had jumped.  She took only a single step to steady herself before standing up straight.  Then once again, she crouched and jumped.  Ada looked away in disgust.  For whatever reason, Jesse was particularly good at this specific drill, even though she had proven less than adequate in most others.  It gave her a strange edge though, sometimes, where her opponent was often surprised by her unorthodox movement.

Beyond Jesse, both Skye and Vivi kept trying to outdo each other with more and more violent-looking flips.  Vivi was just a natural at anything physical, and without any sort of practice could pick up on all but the most complex things Laurel had to describe.  Paired with Skye, who was the kind of person that refused to accept that somebody was better than her at GDL, and Vivi and Skye made the perfect rivals for each other.  Ada held no jealousy for Skye, who had spent a lot of time training - much more than Ada - but Vivi was simply unfair.  Unfortunately and infuriatingly, it could not be helped.

Finally, at the end of their row was Iroha.  She, like Ada, was slow to stand, having failed every attempt at the drill.  Ada had always found this odd.  Of everyone on the team, she appeared the most excited, the most motivated to succeed - though of course Ada was certainly motivated, she did not show it as blatantly as Iroha did.  However, Iroha showed a certain ineptitude towards controlling her Capsule.  Simply put, she struggled with everything.  Where Ada had discovered that she was bold and - if somewhat stupid - at least willing to try dangerous things, Iroha did not have a strength on which she could rely to assist her training.  It was not for lack of trying though.  Ada sometimes found her already in a Capsule practicing when she arrived at Imani's estate, and Iroha was almost always the last to leave the arena.  For as much as Ada thought she learned slowly, Iroha had it at least twice as bad.  Ada hated to admit it, but that made her feel better about her own training.

Returning her attention to the ground in front of her, Ada squatted and tensed, ready to try her flip again.  This time she would succeed!  No more panicking.  She jumped as hard as she could, her legs flipping over her head, as they came towards the ground she flinched, and landed awkwardly, tumbling to the ground.  She blinked, then sat up and slammed the ground in disgust.

---

Skye did not show up to conditioning practice the next morning.  Nor the one after that.  After the second day, Ada made it a priority to seek her out.  First thing in the morning, Ada strode into the junior hallway and strait to where Skye and Jesse's lockers were located.  There she waited for thirty minutes, all the way up to the point where the first class started, and still Skye did not show up.  So during off periods she made it a point to seek out her normal hangout spots.  The problem was, Ada did not have the faintest clue what those were.  She did not know the girl very well, and had never spent much time with her outside of practice.  So she began her search by asking other seniors about her.

"Skye?" said a redheaded girl with even more ostentatious earrings than the ones Iroha wore. "I don't really know her.  Not sure where she is."  The girl narrowed her eyes at Ada.  "Wait a second.  You're the one that's stealing Jesse away from us aren't you?"

"I do not know what you are talking about," Ada said.

"What was that, Eva?" said another girl behind the redhead.  She stepped in beside her friend, hands on hips, looking down at Ada.  Her eyes widened. "It's you!  You're Ada, aren't you?"

"Yes," Ada responded, curtly.  "I am."

"She's a lot prettier than I imagined," said the girl who was obviously named Eva.  She looked thoughtful, tapping her chin, eyes scanning Ada up and down. "The way Jesse talks about her... makes her sound like some kind of monster."

"Yeah! I really like the flower."  The girl beside Eva stepped forward and tried to grab Ada's hair clip, but she flinched away.

"Please refrain from doing that," Ada said, annoyed.  "If you cannot tell me where Skye is, then--"

"You know, Mildred," Eva interrupted, turning towards her friend, "I think Edward mentioned he was looking for a date to Eirika's party."

"Ah," Mildred said, nodding.  "Yes!  That's so perfect!"

"I know, right," Eva said, looking smug.  They both turned their gazes to Ada, who had been slowly backing away in the ultimately fruitless hope that they would continue speaking with one another and not notice her leaving.

"What are you doing after school?" Eva casually asked, stepping up to Ada and putting an arm around her shoulders.

"I am busy," Ada said, tensing.  "I have practice."

"Is it that GDL thing Jesse's always going on about?" Mildred said dismissively.  "This would only take a few minutes.  You won't be late or anything."

"C'mon," Eva said with a smile.  "We've got a great catch for you.  Real stand up guy."

"I would prefer--"

Eva was not listening.  "He's only a little taller than you.  Slight of build.  It's totally perfect."

"I'll text him."

This was ridiculous.  These girls had no right to cavort her around the school!  Is this all they thought about, who to pair with whom?  How incredibly vain.

Ada was about to let them know her thoughts - loudly of course - when Jesse appeared seemingly out of nowhere.

"What're you two up to?" she said, shooting a suspicious glance between the pair of them.

Eva relinquished her grasp on Ada's shoulders, and pushed a strand of red hair behind her ear.  "Nothing," she said innocently.  "Getting to know your friend.  She's not at all like how you described."

Mildred was texting and had not noticed Jesse's arrival.

"Who exactly..." Jesse trailed off after having spotted Ada.  Something seemed to spark in her mind, and she rolled her eyes, though her face grew a knowing smile.  "Why hello there Ada!  I see you're getting to know Eva and Mildred.  What do you think?  They can be a little pushy sometimes, but they're super nice once you get to know them."  She reached out and grabbed the both of them in one-arm hugs.  They both stumbled awkwardly towards her.

"I'm not pushy," Mildred said, frowning at Jesse.

"Of course you are," Eva said, pushing away.

They proceeded into a heated squabble.

It was difficult for Ada to respond... She had no idea what Jesse's game was, and was uncertain what response would cause her the most grief.  So she remained silent, face growing hotter by the moment as her mind worked furiously to find a way out of this situation.

Jesse stepped between the two bickering girls.  "Were you two trying to set Ada up with somebody?"  Eva nodded, and Jesse turned her focus to Ada and gave that same calculating stare that Eva had used to scan her.  "Let me guess.  Edward?"

"Yeah!" Mildred said excitedly.  "It's perfect, right?"

"Hmm," Jesse rubbed her chin.  "Nah. Not really his type. I told you she's a know-it-all."

"She doesn't seem so bad," Eva said.

Jesse held her hand up to her face and whispered quite loudly.  "Trust me.  Remember Makenna?  Like that."  

Eva's eyes widened.  "Oh.  I see."  She locked glances with Mildred, and both nodded to each other.

Mildred faced Ada.  "We'll pass this time," she said.  "But rest assured, we'll find someone who fits your... profile."

"Of course we will," Eva responded.

"Always do," Mildred said.

They both strode away without further fanfare.


