It was not normal for Imani to be angry or disturbed.  He much preferred to remain calm and collected.  In fact, he made it a point to meditate daily to keep his mind from being too affected by his surroundings.  It was something he picked up as he grew older, wiser about himself, and how he wanted to project that person to others.  However, sometimes a situation was so infuriating or so disgusting that it merited the proper emotion.  This was one such case.

The door to the locker room burst open and Imani strode inside.  "Everybody out!" He said, firmly.  He stared directly at Kormander.  "Except for you.  We need to have a chat, I believe."

The team members and coaches of Umbra Static who still remained here each looked at one another, eyes questioning and anxious, but did as he said.  They filed out of the room without argument, having never seen Imani this heated.  They only two that remained were Imani and Kormander, who stood a few feet apart, glaring at each other.

"What did you do?" Imani asked, voice low.

Kormander regarded him before speaking.  "Nothing," he said, shrugging.  "Besides my job."

From his pocket, Imani drew the little metal clasp he had picked up earlier.  "What is this?"

Kormander's eyes narrowed ever so slightly at the sight of it.  "I have no idea."

"You dropped it when you were in such a hurry to get away from me before the game started."

"Did I?" he said, reaching out a hand for it.

Imani quickly drew it back.  "I'll keep this."  He put it back in his pocket.

Again, Kormander shrugged.  "If you think I'm connected with tonights... events because of a trinket like that you are one suspicious man."

"It's more than that," Imani said.  "Who were you talking to before the game?"

"None of your business."

Imani began to nod slowly.  "Okay.  I see how it is."  He crossed his arms.  "You knew you were going to lose tonight.  There's no way you could beat Proud.  He is far too good.  So you did something about it."

Anger flared in Kormander.  "That's not true," he said, voice dangerously low.

"It's obvious," Imani said.  "Your play tonight proves your inferiority."

"He isn't human!" Kormander growled.  "They did something to him!  He has an unfair advantage."

"Is that an accusation or an excuse?"

"I--"

The door to the locker room slammed open and two people marched into the room.  One was a thin, finely-dressed man, circular glasses adorning his wide face, short-cropped hair upon his head.  The other was a woman, a head taller than the man, who wore a plain pinstripe suit that shaped to her slim body.  She clutched a table under her elbow and stood a little behind the man.

"Commissioner?"  Imani asked. Commissioner Edelmund was the head of all esports productions for GDL.  He was one step below Arguente Gordon himself.  It was not strange for him to be present at a prestigious match like the one tonight, but it was odd to see him intrude on a team's waiting area.  He was usually above that sort of thing.  "What are you doing here?"

"Making sure you don't do anything rash," Commissioner Edelmund said.  He flicked away a spec of lint from his coat.

"What are you talking about?"

Edelmund cleared his throat.  "What happened out there tonight was... terrible.  Quite terrible, indeed.  It'll set us back quite a bit I'm afraid.  We'll have to do some significant restructuring and damage control."  He nodded the woman behind him, ostensibly his secretary, and she started tapping away on her tablet.

"At least two weeks of matches," she said.  "Probably more."

"What's that got to do with---"

"I bring it up," Edelmund interrupted, "because I just happened to be walking by here on my way to the pitch, and I caught wind of some of what you were saying to one of my players."  He indicated Kormander.

"Did you now?" Imani asked slowly.

"Integrity," Edelmund said, stepping forward.  "Every professional sport needs it.  Can't run a serious operation without it, honestly."  He chuckled.  "And, correct me if I'm wrong, but you seemed to be formulating an accusation that juxtaposes the very virtue of integrity."

"I--"

"We can't have you going around and spreading baseless rumors about the players, Imani."  His eyes met with Imani's, and a gravity shown behind them.  "These things need proper investigation."

"But--"

"You're angry.  I understand.  You're team is involved, after all. However, we are all angry.  This should not have happened."  His brow furrowed.  "And I will discover why I did.  Mark my words."  He returned his focus to Imani.  "But I need you to stop tossing about accusations without a proper base.  It sets a bad precedent."

Imani stared at him for a long while.  "Very well," he said, finally.  "I'll back off.  For now.  But this isn't over."

"Of course not," Edelmund replied.

Imani made for the door, but stopped as he passed Edelmund.  "We will speak of this later."  The man grunted.  One last glance at Kormander showed an impassive face, but Imani could see the triumph that was clearly below that.

